Date: Fri, 26 Nov 2010 10:06:23 +0530
Subject: Notice for REFUND:Complaint against Poor Service
From: CHR Group <info@chrgroup.org>
To: support@formationshouse.com, info@formationshouse.com, info@infinibiz.com, 
	Rebecca Lawrence <rebecca@formationshouse.com>, steve@formationshouse.com

Dear Sir/Mam

I am writing in this mail after about 100 mails to your company and number
of calls which have harassed me completely. I had chosen your company to get
my complete incorporated in UK but I feel sorry to say that no company could
have this bad service. I have been mailing from last 4 days as firstly it
took more than 10 days to get my company registered. Then I had constantly
complaint that my Account is not working.

Then, I found that you have mentioned my nationality as British instead of
India as I had provided you with my complete address and passport copy for
reference.

Then, I found on company's house website that you have never mentioned that
my business type which is Education

Then, you have not mentioned in Memorandum and Article that this company is
for education as we do not want to charge VAT to students.

Then, I am being assigned with domain name for company for which I am asking
to change the name from last 4 days.

Then when I mail to company, they dont reply. I received a reply saying I
need to pay 25 GBP for change of name. I had myself noticed that Companies
house charges 10 GBP for service but still I was ready to pay for it. I
mailed number of times to rebecca that how can I pay immediately so that
another day is not wasted.

I had explained earlier that I was suppose to sign Lease agreement but
cannot do because of your company poor service.

Therefore, I would request you to please refund my money back as I would
also have to inform this to my credit card company.

Regards
G.S.Sodhi
+91-9815742902

-- 
CHR Group
Prestige Chambers
Near Bus Stand
Opp.Narinder Cinema
Jalandhar
Punjab, India
Ph: +91181-2223528, 30, 31, 32
Fax: +91181-4623528
Email: info@chrgroup.org
Website: www.chrgroup.org
Dear Sir/Mam
I am writing in this mail after about 100 mails to your company and number of calls which have harassed me completely. I had chosen your company to get my complete incorporated in UK but I feel sorry to say that no company could have this bad service. I have been mailing from last 4 days as firstly it took more than 10 days to get my company registered. Then I had constantly complaint that my Account is not working.
Then, I found that you have mentioned my nationality as British instead of India as I had provided you with my complete address and passport copy for reference.
Then, I found on company's house website that you have never mentioned that my business type which is Education
Then, you have not mentioned in Memorandum and Article that this company is for education as we do not want to charge VAT to students.
Then, I am being assigned with domain name for company for which I am asking to change the name from last 4 days.
Then when I mail to company, they dont reply. I received a reply saying I need to pay 25 GBP for change of name. I had myself noticed that Companies house charges 10 GBP for service but still I was ready to pay for it. I mailed number of times to rebecca that how can I pay immediately so that another day is not wasted.
I had explained earlier that I was suppose to sign Lease agreement but cannot do because of your company poor service.
Therefore, I would request you to please refund my money back as I would also have to inform this to my credit card company.
Regards
G.S.Sodhi
+91-9815742902
--
CHR Group
Prestige Chambers
Near Bus Stand
Opp.Narinder Cinema
Jalandhar
Punjab, India
Ph: +91181-2223528, 30, 31, 32
Fax: +91181-4623528
Email:
info@chrgroup.org
Website:
www.chrgroup.org