Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2012 07:36:44 +0000
Subject: Companies House XML Input Schema Questionnaire
From: "Anne Dart" <adart@companieshouse.gov.uk>
To: "Steve Smith (Formations House)"<steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Customer ,
 
Companies House wishes to engage with our main developers to gain feedback on our considered changes.
 
Currently Companies House uses two different name spaces for our form submission XML schemas (in addition to the GovTalk envelope schemas). Because of the single namespace, depending on how the client software is written, changing an entity in one schema that is shared across multiple schemas can and does lead to code conflicts where that entity is represented by shared code. The proposal we are considering is that each form or set of forms will have its own namespace.
 
We are very interested in receiving your feedback on this issue,please complete the attached questionnaire for your comments to be considered please return it by Friday 24th Feb. 2012 to adart@companieshouse.gov.uk 
 
Regards Anne
 



Anne Dart
Customer Care Manager
 02920 380473 adart@companieshouse.gov.uk 
Website :  ( mailto:adart@companieshouse.gov.uk )www.companieshouse.gov.uk ( http://www.companieshouse.gov.uk/ )
 Save paper and time - file electronically ( mailto:adart@companieshouse.gov.uk )


This message and any attachments are intended for the persons named as addressees only and may contain confidential information. In addition they may be protected by copyright. 

If you receive it in error, notify us, delete it and do not make use of or copy it. You must not copy, disseminate or otherwise distribute or publish this message, except for the purposes for which this message is intended, without our consent. 

Please note that this e-mail has been created in the knowledge that Internet e-mail is not a 100% secure communications medium. We advise that you understand and accept this lack of security when e-mailing us.

For company information, guidance and how to file documents online,
please see our website www.companieshouse.gov.uk.

This message has been scanned for viruses by Hosted Security, a service from Websense.

Dear Customer ,
Companies House wishes to engage with our main developers to gain feedback on our considered changes.
Currently Companies House uses two different name spaces for our form submission XML schemas (in addition to the GovTalk envelope schemas).
Because of the single namespace, depending on how the client software is written, changing an entity in one schema that is shared across multiple schemas can and does lead to code conflicts where that entity is represented by shared code.
The proposal we are considering is that each form or set of forms will have its own namespace.
We are very interested in receiving your feedback on this issue,please complete the attached questionnaire for your comments to be considered please return it by Friday
24th Feb. 2012 to
adart@companieshouse.gov.uk
Regards Anne
Anne Dart
Customer Care Manager
02920 380473 adart@companieshouse.gov.uk
Website :
www.companieshouse.gov.uk
Save paper and time - file electronically
This message and any attachments are intended for the persons named as addressees only and may contain confidential information. In addition they may be protected by copyright.
If you receive it in error, notify us, delete it and do not make use of or copy it. You must not copy, disseminate or otherwise distribute or
publish this message, except for the purposes for which this message is intended, without our consent.
Please note that this e-mail has been created in the knowledge that Internet e-mail is not a 100% secure communications medium. We advise that you understand and accept this lack of security when e-mailing us.
For company information, guidance and how to file documents online, please see our website
www.companieshouse.gov.uk
.
This message has been scanned for viruses by
Hosted Security
, a service from
Websense