Date: Fri, 26 Oct 2012 16:11:28 +0500
Subject: FW: Re: Readymade Company - Buying.
From: "Steve Smith \(Formations House\)" <steve@formationshouse.com>
To: <jesper@jjvproductions.com>

Dear Jesper


Thank you for your email.


We can assist you in registering company for VAT. The VAT registration
charges are 50 GBP and in case if you can not proivde a UK trading address
then you are required to appoint a UK base VAT agent for your company. We
can act as VAT agent for your company for 600 GBP.


For 600 GBP Outsource Accounts Department service includes:

- Acting as VAT agent for your company
- Preparation and Filing of VAT Returns
- Preparation and Filing of Annual Accounts
- Preparation and Filing of Tax Returns
- Accounting support via phone and email


Please note that our Registered Address can not be use as your company's
trading address.


You can certainly appoint any director you wish. However just to confirm
that it is necessary that company must have 1 natural person as company
director and this new director will not be listed from the date of
registration. He/She will be listed from the date of appointment and if you
choose our Natural Person Nominee Director then that person will be listed
from the date of company registration.


For discount on Natural Person Nominee Director service, we can only offer
you 100 GBP discount. Which means we can offer you the service for 400 GBP
per annum.


Regarding the reputation of our Natural Person Nominee Director, we can
guarentee the person is clean and have no objection from any entity.


Regarding the order as you wish, you can the place the order online or you
can fill in the attached sheet and send it to me at
steve@formationshouse.com.


Please note that attached file have 3 sheets.


Regards,

Steve Smith
FORMATIONS HOUSE 

Dear Jesper
Thank you for your email.
We can assist you in registering company for VAT. The VAT registration charges
are 50 GBP and in case if you can not proivde a UK trading address then you are
required to appoint a UK base VAT agent for your company. We can act as VAT
agent for your company for 600 GBP.
For 600 GBP Outsource Accounts Department service includes:
- Acting as VAT agent for your company
- Preparation and Filing of VAT Returns
- Preparation and Filing of Annual Accounts
- Preparation and Filing of Tax Returns
- Accounting support via phone and email
Please note that our Registered Address can not be use as your company's trading
address.
You can certainly appoint any director you wish. However just to confirm that
it is necessary that company must have 1 natural person as company director and
this new director will not be listed from the date of registration. He/She will
be listed from the date of appointment and if you choose our Natural Person
Nominee Director then that person will be listed from the date of company
registration.
For discount on Natural Person Nominee Director service, we can only offer you
100 GBP discount. Which means we can offer you the service for 400 GBP per
annum.
Regarding the reputation of our Natural Person Nominee Director, we can
guarentee the person is clean and have no objection from any entity.
Regarding the order as you wish, you can the place the order online or you can
fill in the attached sheet and send it to me at steve@formationshouse.com.
Please note that attached file have 3 sheets.
Regards,
Steve Smith
FORMATIONS HOUSE
__________ Information from ESET NOD32 Antivirus, version of virus signature database 7617 (20121023) __________
The message was checked by ESET NOD32 Antivirus.
http://www.eset.com