Date: Mon, 4 Feb 2013 19:37:42 +0530
Subject: Need information on setting up business.
From: Niranjan Maroo <janirva.ent@gmail.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Hello Sir/Madam,
We are generic medicine import-export company from India.
We want to open one business there as a importer of Medicine there in UK
from India.
In UK we would like to stock the medicine from India and than we would like
to ship that medicine to different companies to world wide for online
pharmacy.
But we don't know the legality about that and our products are allopathy
and herbal both.
So please guide us if we can do this business and what service shall we
purchase from you?
Thank you

Niranjan Maroo
For
Janirva enterprise
Skype - janirva.enterprise


The Information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to
which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged
material. Any review, transmission, dissemination or other use of, or
taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or
entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you receive
this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any
computer.

Although the user operates anti-virus programs, it does not accept
responsibility for any damage whatsoever that is caused by viruses being
passed.
Hello Sir/Madam,
We are generic medicine import-export company from India.
We want to open one business there as a importer of Medicine there in UK from India.
In UK we would like to stock the medicine from India and than we would like to ship that medicine to different companies to world wide for online pharmacy.
But we don't know the legality about that and our products are allopathy and herbal both.
So please guide us if we can do this business and what service shall we purchase from you?
Thank you
Niranjan Maroo
For
Janirva enterprise
Skype - janirva.enterprise
The Information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, transmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you receive this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer.
Although the user operates anti-virus programs, it does not accept responsibility for any damage whatsoever that is caused by viruses being passed.