Date: Tue, 18 Jun 2013 13:10:52 +0100
Subject: FW: Remote Gaming
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <c.pawar@londoncsf.com>
To: "Steve" <steve@formationshouse.com>

I have tried to include as much information as needed. 

Remote Gambling Solution

Includes:

Ø  Offshore Company Incorporation

Ø  Registered Address

Ø  Bank Account Opening

Ø  Offshore Hosting

Ø  Offshore Merchant Processing

Ø  Remote Gaming License

Total Cost: £25,000 for the first year. £15,000 renewal.

The company and license will be issued in Gambia and we will manage the
entire process on your behalf. Additionally we can supply nominee directors,
Virtual trading office and hardware/software development for the operation
of the online gaming site.

Benefits of this solution:

1.     Rapid setup of complete solution

2.     Zero Taxation

3.     Low application costs

4.     All transactions and internet/ mobile sites hosted offshore

5.     No online advertising restrictions

Primary difference in Gambia Solution from other solutions such as Malta

1.     Cost is typically much higher in for the company, the licence and
renewal. For example the costs in Malta may be as high as EUR 120,000 for
the first year and second year costs nearly as much. This does not include
the cost of the hosting, transaction processing and any other services.

2.     Malta and Costa Rica (typical remote gaming jurisdictions) both are
white listed on the Gambling Act 2005, as is Antigua and Barbuda. This
enables them to advertise in the UK using print, radio and television.
Online advertising is not location specific and therefore this restriction
does not apply. (it is worth noting here that the Gambia business laws are
strongly based upon Antigua and Barbuda and it is intended to gain a white
listing in 2014/15.)

The gambling license authorizes to operate all gaming activities and, most
important, is fully tax exempt. There is no government regulation on how the
business is operated, which software is used and where servers are hosted
however we have included hosting in order to benefit international
transactions where regulation becomes exempt. 

The gambling company may conduct business worldwide through the internet
securing clients from all over the globe. 

Gambling License

*	registration of a gambling license including:
*	name check
*	verification of legalities
*	preparation of documents to gain liability protection
*	preparation of registration and licence application forms
*	handling the filing and registration with notary and government
offices
*	notarial certification
*	payment of filing fees
*	premium binder including:
*	all registration and license authorisation certificates
*	minutes of board meetings
*	resolution to open a bank account
*	resolution to rent an office
*	resolution to appoint a company lawyer
*	resolution to appoint an accountant
*	employment agreement
*	employee nondisclosure agreement
*	employee invention agreement
*	power of attorney
*	sample letterhead
*	register of directors
*	register of shareholders

Please let me know if you have any questions.

 

Thanks

 

Charlotte

Re: OUR MEETING THIS MORNING
I have tried to include as much information as needed.
Remote Gambling Solution
Includes:
Ø
Offshore Company Incorporation
Ø
Registered Address
Ø
Bank Account Opening
Ø
Offshore Hosting
Ø
Offshore Merchant Processing
Ø
Remote Gaming License
Total Cost: £25,000 for the first year. £15,000 renewal.
The company and license will be issued in Gambia and we will manage the entire process on your behalf. Additionally we can supply nominee directors, Virtual trading office and hardware/software development for the operation of the online gaming site.
Benefits of this solution:
1.
Rapid setup of complete solution
2.
Zero Taxation
3.
Low application costs
4.
All transactions and internet/ mobile sites hosted offshore
5.
No online advertising restrictions
Primary difference in Gambia Solution from other solutions such as Malta
1.
Cost is typically much higher in for the company, the licence and renewal. For example the costs in Malta may be as high as EUR 120,000 for the first year and second year costs nearly as much. This does not include the cost of the hosting, transaction processing and any other services.
2.
Malta and Costa Rica (typical remote gaming jurisdictions) both are white listed on the Gambling Act 2005, as is Antigua and Barbuda. This enables them to advertise in the UK using print, radio and television. Online advertising is not location specific and therefore this restriction does not apply. (it is worth noting here that the Gambia business laws are strongly based upon Antigua and Barbuda and it is intended to gain a white listing in 2014/15.)
The gambling license authorizes to operate all gaming activities and, most important, is fully tax exempt. There is no government regulation on how the business is operated, which software is used and where servers are hosted however we have included hosting in order to benefit international transactions where regulation becomes exempt.
The gambling company may conduct business worldwide through the internet securing clients from all over the globe.
Gambling License
registration of a gambling license including:
name check
verification of legalities
preparation of documents to gain liability protection
preparation of registration and licence application forms
handling the filing and registration with notary and government offices
notarial certification
payment of filing fees
premium binder including:
all registration and license authorisation certificates
minutes of board meetings
resolution to open a bank account
resolution to rent an office
resolution to appoint a company lawyer
resolution to appoint an accountant
employment agreement
employee nondisclosure agreement
employee invention agreement
power of attorney
sample letterhead
register of directors
register of shareholders
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks
Charlotte