Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 10:28:39 +0100
Subject: iCommerce script for reseller
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <charlotte@icommerceregistry.com>
To: "bernard" <bernard@formationshouse.com>,
	"Becky" <rebecca@formationshouse.com>,
	"Sarah" <sarah@formationshouse.com>,
	"Rizwan" <rizwan@formationshouse.com>,
	"Rachel Fernandez" <rachel@formationshouse.com>,
	"Steve" <steve@formationshouse.com>,
	"Amiirah Peerally" <delphine@formationshouse.com>,
	<tahir@formationshouse.com>,
	<alisa@icommerceregistry.com>

As last week I found many of you a little unsure of what to say when
calling, I have outlined what I have said last week and what I will be
saying today as I also make calls.

 

Calling script guide

 

Find name on Google and check website

Call sales or main number of reseller

Ask to speak to Sales Director or Manager

1.      This could be a smaller reseller and they don't have this so you
need the person deals with the formation products from the company register
or the boss

2.      They will ask you why before deciding whether to put you through . 

3.      You could be speaking to the right person already (5% possibility)

If point 2 then you need to give the impression that you need to speak to
them about new information from the company register about corporate
structuring and you need only a couple of minutes before you send over the
information.

 

Once you have the right person you need to say:

I can see from your website that you currently offer a selection of
incorporation and business services from UK/ a range of offshore
jurisdictions/ both (use as appropriate). You are calling from the Commerce
Registry and you would like to send over some information about some new
structures and products available. 

They may say - sure send it over - then try and get their email address and
say ok, great will send this over in the next hour and most likely give you
a call in a day or two to see if you have any queries.

They may say - what jurisdiction/ products - you say that a new jurisdiction
which has similarities to Seychelles and BVI has opened up its registry. The
regulations of the registry are loosely based upon the English company laws
and offer very attractive structuring options for international trade and
regulated activities. It is a white listed jurisdiction on the FATF and we
have several banks offerings support to companies forming there. 

The conversation could continue and in which case key additional points are:
30 day credit, business licencing and the API is available for online
incorporators which is 100% compliant with the companies' house process.

Send over information including the price list, comparison sheets etc and
links to the website. 

Remember to call 1 or 2 days later- don't leave it longer and don't just
expect that they will call you.

 

 

Key advatages to remember

1: All forms of corporate structures available

2: Lower reseller costs that any other jurisdiction

3: Entirely online and only accessible by resellers

4: API available for resellers with online ordering

5: 30 seconds to incorporate and docs ready within 1 minute (printing on the
provided certs)

 

Any questions let me know.

Keep a track of all people contacted and then emailed and then recalled, 

 

 

Kind Regards,

 

Charlotte Pawar

 <http://www.icommerceregistry.com/> logo_200x60

Tel: +44 207 399 7788

Mobile: +44 7788 883 680

 

 

 

 

As last week I found many of you a little unsure of what to say when calling, I have outlined what I have said last week and what I will be saying today as I also make calls.
Calling script guide
Find name on Google and check website
Call sales or main number of reseller
Ask to speak to Sales Director or Manager
1.
This could be a smaller reseller and they don’t have this so you need the person deals with the formation products from the company register or the boss
2.
They will ask you why before deciding whether to put you through …
3.
You could be speaking to the right person already (5% possibility)
If point 2 then you need to give the impression that you need to speak to them about new information from the company register about corporate structuring and you need only a couple of minutes before you send over the information.
Once you have the right person you need to say:
I can see from your website that you currently offer a selection of incorporation and business services from UK/ a range of offshore jurisdictions/ both (use as appropriate). You are calling from the Commerce Registry and you would like to send over some information about some new structures and products available.
They may say – sure send it over – then try and get their email address and say ok, great will send this over in the next hour and most likely give you a call in a day or two to see if you have any queries.
They may say – what jurisdiction/ products – you say that a new jurisdiction which has similarities to Seychelles and BVI has opened up its registry. The regulations of the registry are loosely based upon the English company laws and offer very attractive structuring options for international trade and regulated activities. It is a white listed jurisdiction on the FATF and we have several banks offerings support to companies forming there.
The conversation could continue and in which case key additional points are: 30 day credit, business licencing and the API is available for online incorporators which is 100% compliant with the companies’ house process.
Send over information including the price list, comparison sheets etc and links to the website.
Remember to call 1 or 2 days later- don’t leave it longer and don’t just expect that they will call you.
Key advatages to remember
1: All forms of corporate structures available
2: Lower reseller costs that any other jurisdiction
3: Entirely online and only accessible by resellers
4: API available for resellers with online ordering
5: 30 seconds to incorporate and docs ready within 1 minute (printing on the provided certs)
Any questions let me know.
Keep a track of all people contacted and then emailed and then recalled,
Kind Regards,
Charlotte Pawar
Tel:
+44 207 399 7788
Mobile: +44 7788 883 680