Date: Wed, 9 Jan 2013 17:11:21 +0800
Subject: UK Company Registration
From: "Dave" <dave@isornoexports.com>
To: <support@formationshouse.com>,
	<steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Steve,

Please find enclosed the attachment for the copies of my passport and bank statement. And I have also completed the required 7 step process for a dormant company on your website to proceed further.
I will pay you GBP75 tomorrow through bank transfer and also do let me know if everything is OK and if you want any other requirement.
And what is the process of managing a dormant company account, please explain so that we can submit the required documentation on time.

Customer ID 57618373 
Order No: 162991


Best Regards,
Dev
      


From: support@formationshouse.com 
Sent: Friday, January 04, 2013 8:34 PM
To: dave@isornoexports.com 
Subject: Re:Re: Re:Re: UK Company Registration

Dear Dave


Regarding our conversation on phone, you mentioned that you will not require CORGI registration.


If you require assistance for placing company formation order, please feel free to contact us.


Regards,

Steve Smith Dear Steve,
Please find enclosed the attachment for the copies of my passport and bank 
statement. And I have also completed the required 7 step process for a dormant 
company on your website to proceed further.
I will pay you GBP75 tomorrow through bank transfer and also do let me know 
if everything is OK and if you want any other requirement.
And what is the process of managing a dormant company account, please 
explain so that we can submit the required documentation on time.
Customer ID 57618373
Order No: 162991
Best Regards,
Dev
From:
support@formationshouse.com
Sent:
Friday, January 04, 2013 8:34 PM
To:
dave@isornoexports.com
Subject:
Re:Re: Re:Re: UK Company Registration
Dear 
Dave
Regarding our conversation on phone, you mentioned that you will 
not require CORGI registration.
If you require assistance for placing 
company formation order, please feel free to contact 
us.
Regards,
Steve Smith