Date: Fri, 5 Apr 2013 04:50:50 +0530
Subject: Thanks for your time .
From: Royal Fortune <royalfortune@live.in>
To: charlotte <c.pawar@londoncsf.com>
CC: "steve@formationshouse.com" <steve@formationshouse.com>

04.04.2013 To Ms. Charlotte, Greetings from Siddhartha Das Gupta . Hope I have not wasted much of your time today. I really appreciate your gesture of givingme an opportunity to meet you and discuss some urgent matters. I am sending Bruno's National Insurance No .   National insurance number card  PB  28  26 60  A .Kindly do the needful for the VAT application at the earliest. The jist of the discussion of today and our Urgent requirements will be sent to you tomorrow.The Bank account is already given. Just to give once more :  It is  HSBC -- A/c No . 11623893                                                                                         Branch Sort code is :  40-07-27.Thanks 
 With sincere compliments & best wishes....
 
Dr. Sir. Siddhartha Das Gupta
Managing Director & CEO
Royal Fortune Ventures (I) Limited.
 
 
Director & CEO~ Global Operations.
Fortune Ventures Worldwide Limited.
London, New York, Hong Kong, India.

Kindly do give a thought to the Nature.  Print this document only if you need it .!!!!!!!!
 
Disclaimer
This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential, legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use, review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently from your records and notify the sender. This mail makes no warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or due to use of the information given in this message.
  		 	   		  04.04.2013
To
Ms. Charlotte,
Greetings from Siddhartha Das Gupta .
Hope I have not wasted much of your time today. I really appreciate your gesture of giving
me an opportunity to meet you and discuss some urgent matters.
I am sending Bruno's National Insurance No .
National insurance number card
PB  28  26 60  A .
Kindly do the needful for the VAT application at the earliest.
The jist of the discussion of today and our Urgent requirements will be sent to you tomorrow.
The Bank account is already given. Just to give once more :  It is
HSBC -- A/c No . 11623893
Branch Sort code is :  40-07-27.
Thanks
With sincere compliments & best wishes....
Dr. Sir. Siddhartha Das Gupta
Managing Director & CEO
Royal Fortune Ventures (I) Limited
.
Director & CEO~ Global Operations.
Fortune Ventures Worldwide Limited.
London, New York, Hong Kong, India.
Kindly do give a thought to the Nature.
Print this document only if you need it .!!!!!!!!
Disclaimer
This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential, legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use, review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently from your records and notify the sender. This mail makes no warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or due to use of the information given in this message.