Date: Mon, 4 Feb 2013 14:17:29 -0000
Subject: FW: Hi from Siddhartha
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <c.pawar@londoncsf.com>
To: "Steve" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Spoke to raj at RBS, let him know the account is being processed but it is
unlikely to get the account number this week.

 

Follow up on the other stuff

 

From: FORTUNE VENTURES WORLDWIDE LIMITED [mailto:fortuneventures.uk@live.in]

Sent: 04 February 2013 14:14
To: c.pawar@londoncsf.com
Subject: Hi from Siddhartha
Importance: High

 

04.02.2013
 
Dear Charlotte,
Greetings from Siddhartha Das Gupta.
Hope everything is fine with you all.
 
I had sent the details of Bruno to Mr. Steve with a copy to you.
Any news of the Bank account ??? Its taking a lot of time . If you could
kindly
expedite the matter.
 
I will collect your letter from your reception after a while today.
 
I am also waiting for the website template designs to finalise it. Just to
remind you about the 
issue of Global presence which we discussed .
 
I would be leaving on Thursday next.
 
Thanks and sincere regards.
 
 
Dr. Sir. Siddhartha Das Gupta
 
Director & CEO~ Global Operations
Fortune Ventures Worldwide Limited
29, Harley Street, London - W1G 9QR
United Kingdom.

 May I request you to kindly not to PRINT  this mail, unless and until you
really need it. !!!!!
 
 Disclaimer
This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use
of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential,
legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you
are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use,
review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its
contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not
the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without
appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently
from your records and notify the sender. This mail makes no warranties as to
the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts
no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct,
indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or
due to use of the information given in this message.
 

Spoke to raj at RBS, let him know the account is being processed but it is unlikely to get the account number this week.
Follow up on the other stuff
From:
FORTUNE VENTURES WORLDWIDE LIMITED [mailto:fortuneventures.uk@live.in]
Sent:
04 February 2013 14:14
To:
c.pawar@londoncsf.com
Subject:
Hi from Siddhartha
Importance:
High
04.02.2013
Dear Charlotte,
Greetings from Siddhartha Das Gupta.
Hope everything is fine with you all.
I had sent the details of Bruno to Mr. Steve with a copy to you.
Any news of the Bank account ??? Its taking a lot of time . If you could kindly
expedite the matter.
I will collect your letter from your reception after a while today.
I am also waiting for the website template designs to finalise it. Just to remind you about the
issue of Global presence which we discussed .
I would be leaving on Thursday next.
Thanks and sincere regards.
Dr. Sir. Siddhartha Das Gupta
Director & CEO~ Global Operations
Fortune Ventures Worldwide Limited
29, Harley Street,
London - W1G 9QR
United Kingdom.
May I request you to kindly not to PRINT  this mail, unless and until you really need it. !!!!!
Disclaimer
This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential, legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use, review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently from your records and notify the sender. This mail makes no warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or due to use of the information given in this message.