Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2013 18:00:02 +0500
Subject: FW: Accountancy Services et al
From: "Jeff Easthouse" <jeff@formationshouse.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

Follow up this. Called her couple of times couldn't get through to her
phone.

 

 

 

From: crispyduckcompany@gmail.com [mailto:crispyduckcompany@gmail.com] On
Behalf Of info@crispyduckcompany.com
Sent: Thursday, February 14, 2013 7:56 PM
To: jeff@formationshouse.com
Subject: Accountancy Services et al

 

Hi there Jeff,

Nice to talk with you the other day.  Sorry about the delay in emailing you,
have been rushing about with meetings etc.

As I mentioned, I have a fairly new online business that is slowly gaining
some momentum in the UK - www.crispyduckcompany.com.  At present, sales
online have just been a handful but this year I will have several retail
outlets where I can sell the duck as a hot food service together with
selling into catering establishments as a wholesale service.  Hopefully this
will translate into increased awareness of the website and therefore
increased consumer sales.

My supplier is based in France and I am based in the UK.  I currently only
sell in the UK.

As we discussed briefly, I think now is the time I need to start setting up
an official structure so I would like information on the following together
with estimated costs please:-

1. An offshore company with nominee directors and bank account.  I think you
suggested a way forward but if you could please explain this in writing for
me I would be grateful.

2. I did want to take advantage of your VAT service but you suggested I
shoud have my own VAT number.  Could you please elaborate on why I should go
for this as opposed to using your service please?

3. I would also like your company to handle my ongoing accounting
requirements please.  Can you advise what I need to forward to you on a
regular basis for you to be able to fulfill this?

I have read about your managed company service and I very much like the idea
of this BUT it would take me until the end of this year before I could
afford this type of service unless I was able to pay in installments over
the course of this year?

Many thanks for your assistance Jeff and I look forward to your reply in due
course.

Kind regards,

Sharon Foster
0044 7901 353194







Follow up this. Called her couple of times couldn’t get through to her phone.
From:
crispyduckcompany@gmail.com [mailto:crispyduckcompany@gmail.com]
On Behalf Of
info@crispyduckcompany.com
Sent:
Thursday, February 14, 2013 7:56 PM
To:
jeff@formationshouse.com
Subject:
Accountancy Services et al
Hi there Jeff,
Nice to talk with you the other day.  Sorry about the delay in emailing you, have been rushing about with meetings etc.
As I mentioned, I have a fairly new online business that is slowly gaining some momentum in the UK -
www.crispyduckcompany.com
.  At present, sales online have just been a handful but this year I will have several retail outlets where I can sell the duck as a hot food service together with selling into catering establishments as a wholesale service.  Hopefully this will translate into increased awareness of the website and therefore increased consumer sales.
My supplier is based in France and I am based in the UK.  I currently only sell in the UK.
As we discussed briefly, I think now is the time I need to start setting up an official structure so I would like information on the following together with estimated costs please:-
1. An offshore company with nominee directors and bank account.  I think you suggested a way forward but if you could please explain this in writing for me I would be grateful.
2. I did want to take advantage of your VAT service but you suggested I shoud have my own VAT number.  Could you please elaborate on why I should go for this as opposed to using your service please?
3. I would also like your company to handle my ongoing accounting requirements please.  Can you advise what I need to forward to you on a regular basis for you to be able to fulfill this?
I have read about your managed company service and I very much like the idea of this BUT it would take me until the end of this year before I could afford this type of service unless I was able to pay in installments over the course of this year?
Many thanks for your assistance Jeff and I look forward to your reply in due course.
Kind regards,
Sharon Foster
0044 7901 353194