Date: Wed, 3 Apr 2013 11:39:45 +0530
Subject: APPOINTMENT
From: Royal Fortune <royalfortune@live.in>
To: charlotte <c.pawar@londoncsf.com>
CC: "steve@formationshouse.com" <steve@formationshouse.com>

03.04.2013  Dear Ms. Charlotte, Greetings from Siddhartha Das Gupta. I hope all is fine with you.  I wanted an appointment for 30 mins with you at the earliest as I am in London now. It would be great if I could get a time ASAP. I have not heard from Mr. Raj after we had a mail conversation where he promised toget the Bank account done at the earliest. Hope to see you very soon.   With sincere compliments & best wishes....
 
Dr. Sir. Siddhartha Das Gupta
Managing Director & CEO
Royal Fortune Ventures (I) Limited.
 
 
Director & CEO~ Global Operations.
Fortune Ventures Worldwide Limited.
London, New York, Hong Kong, India.

Kindly do give a thought to the Nature.  Print this document only if you need it .!!!!!!!!
 
Disclaimer
This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential, legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use, review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently from your records and notify the sender. This mail makes no warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or due to use of the information given in this message.
  		 	   		  03.04.2013
Dear Ms. Charlotte,
Greetings from Siddhartha Das Gupta.
I hope all is fine with you.
I wanted an appointment for 30 mins with you at the earliest as I am in London now.
It would be great if I could get a time ASAP.
I have not heard from Mr. Raj after we had a mail conversation where he promised to
get the Bank account done at the earliest.
Hope to see you very soon.
With sincere compliments & best wishes....
Dr. Sir. Siddhartha Das Gupta
Managing Director & CEO
Royal Fortune Ventures (I) Limited
.
Director & CEO~ Global Operations.
Fortune Ventures Worldwide Limited.
London, New York, Hong Kong, India.
Kindly do give a thought to the Nature.
Print this document only if you need it .!!!!!!!!
Disclaimer
This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential, legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use, review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently from your records and notify the sender. This mail makes no warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or due to use of the information given in this message.