Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2013 17:43:45 +0000
Subject: Further to our recent elephant conversation
From: Anna Bastrakova <bastrakovaa@gmail.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Dear Steve,

I have seen your company’s website regarding company registration and am interested in the service you provide.

I am acting as a representer of a Russian entrepreneur currently considering setting up a company in the UK. Having many years of successful experience in running online business in Russia and CIS he decided to expand his operations to Europe. The UK as a place of incorporation was chosen for its renowned reputation of having highly developed commercial environment which supports stable business growth.

As I can see from the initial information on your website, company registration process promises to be fair quick and straightforward. However, taking into account some specifics of virtual business and apparent discrepancy between UK and Russian rules could you please answer some of my questions:

 

1.       Can a person with Russian citizenship be the Director of the UK company? Does he need work permit for this? Is it necessary for him to visit the UK for all legal procedures relative to setting up a company or he can do it remotely? What can be other possible legal requirements to the personality of the Director?

2.       Regarding opening a company’s Bank account:

§                   Do you have a list of suggested banks to open an account at?

§                   Are there any financial requirements to open company’s bank account, i.e. minimum sum, minimal monthly turnover, etc.? How long does it usually take to open an account?

§                   Is it necessary for the company’s Director to visit the UK to open bank account or it is possible to without his presence?

§                    Is it possible to open merchant account? What are legal and financial requirements for this?

3.       The main service of the new company will be virtual private server hosting (aka VPS hosting), later followed by traffic ciphering/deciphering and data security providing.

§                   Does this type of business require any licenses or any special approval in the UK?

§                   Is it necessary to specify all possible types of the company’s activity at the Articles of Association/Memorandum of Association? Is there an official list of activities to choose from?

§                If at some point I need to add new service to the existing ones, how is it possible to make? Does it require any changes to Articles of Association/Memorandum of Association? In this case what will be the procedure               (fees and time required)?

4.       Is there any legislation regarding online business in the Internet? For instance, official rules for customers’ protection, data protection and others a company must comply with? What are the implications of KYI (know your customer) principle relative to providing online VPS hosting to individual customers?

5.       What is your company’s liability and guarantee in terms of providing company registration service and the following legal support?



If I did not pointed out some issues you may consider important given previous information I would be very glad to receive any additional advice from you. Please send me your company’s price list as well.

I look forward to hearing from you.



Kind regards,

Anna BastrakovaDear Steve,
I have seen your
company’s website regarding company registration and am interested in the
service you provide.
I am acting as a representer of a Russian entrepreneur
currently considering setting up a company in the UK. Having many years of successful
experience in running online business in Russia and CIS he decided to expand his operations to Europe. The UK as a place of incorporation was chosen for its renowned
reputation of having highly developed commercial environment which supports
stable business growth.
As I can see from
the initial information on your website, company registration process promises
to be fair quick and straightforward. However, taking into account some
specifics of virtual business and apparent discrepancy between UK and Russian rules
could you please answer some of my questions:
1.
Can a person with Russian citizenship be the Director
of the UK company? Does he need work permit for this? Is it necessary for him
to visit the UK for all legal procedures relative to setting up a company or he
can do it remotely? What can be other possible legal requirements to the
personality of the Director?
2.
Regarding opening a
company’s Bank account:
§
Do you have a list of suggested banks to
open an account at?
§
Are there any financial requirements to open
company’s bank account, i.e. minimum sum, minimal monthly turnover, etc.? How
long does it usually take to open an account?
§
Is it necessary for the company’s Director
to visit the UK to open bank account or it is possible to without his presence?
§
Is it possible to open merchant account?
What are legal and financial requirements for this?
3.
The
main service of the new company will be virtual private server hosting (aka VPS
hosting), later followed by traffic ciphering/deciphering and data security
providing.
§
Does this type of business require any
licenses or any special approval in the UK?
§
Is it necessary to specify all possible types
of the company’s activity at the Articles of Association/Memorandum of
Association? Is there an official list of activities to choose from?
§
If at some point I need to add new service
to the existing ones, how is it possible to make? Does it require any changes to
Articles of Association/Memorandum of Association? In this case what will be
the procedure               (fees and time required)?
4.
Is
there any legislation regarding online business in the Internet? For instance,
official rules for customers’ protection, data protection and others a company
must comply with? What are the implications of KYI (know your customer)
principle relative to providing online VPS hosting to individual customers?
5.
What is your company’s liability and
guarantee in terms of providing company registration service and the following
legal support?
If I did not pointed out some issues you
may consider important given previous information I would be very glad to
receive any additional advice from you. Please send me your company’s price
list as well.
I look forward to hearing
from you.
Kind regards,
Anna Bastrakova