Date: Wed, 27 Mar 2013 17:14:10 -0400
Subject: RE: RE: Your Order  165751
From: "Thomas Wells" <prioritypay@gmail.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

Steve,  

 

Thanks for the response, advise if payment did or did not go through, and
then I will gather docs, send payment along with another email to you
regarding other entities I also require, I need three all together,  but in
the meantime can you confirm for me that by having Natural Person Nominee
Director that disclosure of actual ownership will be protected?   (unless
you are directed to disclose by authorized gov't authority) 

 

If this is so  then I would be the actual owner of the three entities.

 

Thanks.

 

 

Thomas Wells

Principal Partner/ Multiple Payment Solutions Companies

Email:  debitltd@gmail.com

Office: 800 430 9581

Cell:  772 607 1200  or 702 327 5550

http://www.meridianstarms.com

http://www.prioritypayout.com <http://www.prioritypayout.com/> 

http://www.newagejetfuel.com <http://www.newagejetfuel.com/> 

http://www.interbillpay.com <http://www.interbillpay.com/> 

http://www.onlinedebitsolutions.com <http://www.onlinedebitsolutions.com/> 

 

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This is an unofficial response to your request for
information and/or a private, proprietary and confidential communication and
is for information purposes only. This is not intended to be, and must not
be construed to be in any form or manner a solicitation of investment funds
or a securities offering. This e-mail is confidential and is legally
privileged. Nothing in this message should be interpreted as a digital or
electronic signature that can be used to authenticate a contract or other
legal document. This electronic communication and any files included in the
communication may contain confidential information that is for the intended
recipient only. If you are the recipient, you are hereby notified that any
disclosure, copying, distribution or use of any of the information contained
in, or attached to, this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. If you have
received this in error, please immediately notify us by return e-mail, fax
and/or telephone and destroy this E-Mail.

 

 Those who submit a false NCND/IMFPA, LOI, ICPO, RWA or BCL, or FCO, as well
as FALSE PROOF OF PRODUCT (POP), WILL BE CHARGED WITH A CRIME. This went
into effect on November 15, 2008 after a meeting was held between the
Federal Reserve, European Central Bank, Interpol, Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Central Intelligence Agency. The reason for this
measurement is to protect the commodities industry which is a fundamental
part of the world's economy. Also time wasters and parties who send fake
offers or docs will be placed on  <http://www.theofficialoilblacklist.com/>
http://www.theofficialoilblacklist.com 

 

DISCLAIMER: Sender is NOT a United States Securities Dealer or Broker or
U.S. Investment Adviser. Sender is a Consultant and makes no warranties or
representations as to the Buyer, Seller or Transaction. All due diligence is
the responsibility of the Buyer and Seller. This E-mail letter and the
attached related documents are never to be considered a solicitation for any
purpose in any form or content. Upon receipt of these documents, the
Recipient hereby acknowledges this Disclaimer. If acknowledgment is not
accepted, Recipient must return any and all documents in their original
receipted condition to Sender.

 

 

 

From: support@formationshouse.com [mailto:support@formationshouse.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, March 27, 2013 4:58 PM
To: prioritypay@gmail.com
Subject: Re:RE: Your Order 165751

 

Dear Thomas Wells


Thank you for your email.


Please note that it is mandatory for a UK company to have atleast one
natural person as company director. Our nominee director services details
are:

1. Nominee Director 400 GBP - It gives you a corporate director and it is
optional.

2. Natural Person Nominee Director 500 GBP - It gives you a natural person
as company director and it is mandatory.


So, we will remove Nominee Director 400 GBP from your order. so now your
total order amount will be 725 GBP.


Regarding delvery of documents, we will only be delivering hard copy
certificate of incorporation, rest of the company documents along with
certificate will be available in your online account at our website as soon
as company is transferred to you. You download and print the documents.


Regarding payment, I have confirm this with our accounting department to
check if payment i has been through. I will get back to you tomorrow on this
issue. Meanwhile you send the documents required for due diligence:


Scan copies of following documents are required for company owner/s.

1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport
2. Proof of Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR
electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement.


Also our bank transfer details are:

Account Name: Accounts Centre
Statement Address: 29 Harley Street, London, W1G 9QR 
Bank: Royal Bank of Scotland
Address: 49 Charing Cross, London SW1A 2DX
Sort Code: 160038 
Account No: 10320353 
TYPE - Sterling Business Current
IBAN GB75RBOS16003810320353 


If you require further information or assistance you can contact me at
info@formationshouse.com or steve@formationshouse.com or
0044-(0)207-016-2727 Monday to Friday 12pm to 9pm GMT.


Looking forward to assist you.


Regards

Steve Smith
FORMATIONS HOUSE
www.formationshouse.com
IBAN BIC: RBOSGB2L 

Steve,
Thanks for the response, advise if payment did or did not go through, and then I will gather docs, send payment along with another email to you regarding other entities I also require, I need three all together,  but in the meantime can you confirm for me that by having Natural Person Nominee Director that disclosure of actual ownership will be protected?   (unless you are directed to disclose by authorized gov't authority)
If this is so  then I would be the actual owner of the three entities.
Thanks.
Thomas Wells
Principal Partner/ Multiple Payment Solutions Companies
Email:  debitltd@gmail.com
Office: 800 430 9581
Cell:  772 607 1200  or 702 327 5550
http://www.meridianstarms.com
http://www.prioritypayout.com
http://www.newagejetfuel.com
http://www.interbillpay.com
http://www.onlinedebitsolutions.com
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This is an unofficial response to your request for information and/or a private, proprietary and confidential communication and is for information purposes only. This is not intended to be, and must not be construed to be in any form or manner a solicitation of investment funds or a securities offering. This e-mail is confidential and is legally privileged. Nothing in this message should be interpreted as a digital or electronic signature that can be used to authenticate a contract or other legal document. This electronic communication and any files included in the communication may contain confidential information that is for the intended recipient only. If you are the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or use of any of the information contained in, or attached to, this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. If you have received this in error, please immediately notify us by return e-mail, fax and/or telephone and destroy this E-Mail.
Those who submit a false NCND/IMFPA, LOI, ICPO, RWA or BCL, or FCO, as well as FALSE PROOF OF PRODUCT (POP), WILL BE CHARGED WITH A CRIME. This went into effect on November 15, 2008 after a meeting was held between the Federal Reserve, European Central Bank, Interpol, Federal Bureau of Investigation and Central Intelligence Agency. The reason for this measurement is to protect the commodities industry which is a fundamental part of the world’s economy. Also time wasters and parties who send fake offers or docs will be placed on
http://www.theofficialoilblacklist.com
DISCLAIMER: Sender is NOT a United States Securities Dealer or Broker or U.S. Investment Adviser. Sender is a Consultant and makes no warranties or representations as to the Buyer, Seller or Transaction. All due diligence is the responsibility of the Buyer and Seller. This E-mail letter and the attached related documents are never to be considered a solicitation for any purpose in any form or content. Upon receipt of these documents, the Recipient hereby acknowledges this Disclaimer. If acknowledgment is not accepted, Recipient must return any and all documents in their original receipted condition to Sender.
From:
support@formationshouse.com [mailto:support@formationshouse.com]
Sent:
Wednesday, March 27, 2013 4:58 PM
To:
prioritypay@gmail.com
Subject:
Re:RE: Your Order 165751
Dear Thomas Wells
Thank you for your email.
Please note that it is mandatory for a UK company to have atleast one natural person as company director. Our nominee director services details are:
1. Nominee Director 400 GBP - It gives you a corporate director and it is optional.
2. Natural Person Nominee Director 500 GBP - It gives you a natural person as company director and it is mandatory.
So, we will remove Nominee Director 400 GBP from your order. so now your total order amount will be 725 GBP.
Regarding delvery of documents, we will only be delivering hard copy certificate of incorporation, rest of the company documents along with certificate will be available in your online account at our website as soon as company is transferred to you. You download and print the documents.
Regarding payment, I have confirm this with our accounting department to check if payment i has been through. I will get back to you tomorrow on this issue. Meanwhile you send the documents required for due diligence:
Scan copies of following documents are required for company owner/s.
1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport
2. Proof of Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement.
Also our bank transfer details are:
Account Name: Accounts Centre
Statement Address: 29 Harley Street, London, W1G 9QR
Bank: Royal Bank of Scotland
Address: 49 Charing Cross, London SW1A 2DX
Sort Code: 160038
Account No: 10320353
TYPE - Sterling Business Current
IBAN GB75RBOS16003810320353
If you require further information or assistance you can contact me at
info@formationshouse.com
or
steve@formationshouse.com
or 0044-(0)207-016-2727 Monday to Friday 12pm to 9pm GMT.
Looking forward to assist you.
Regards
Steve Smith
FORMATIONS HOUSE
www.formationshouse.com
IBAN BIC: RBOSGB2L