Date: Wed, 5 Jun 2013 16:41:04 +0300
Subject: more information needed
From: <lili@avtobusi.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Steve,

Thank you very much for the detailed answer.
I have the following question - one of the requirements is Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) . Can these be on the name of my daughter or should they be specifically on my name? 

And also - can you recommend an accountant in the region of Stockport, Manchester?

I would be interested in Vacation Ltd in your list of travel & tourism but how can I be sure that this company is OK. Where can I see the financial status of this company?

Thank you for your support in advance.

Kind regards

Lili Hristova
tel. +359 878 864 160



----- Original Message ----- 
  From: support@formationshouse.com 
  To: lili@avtobusi.com 
  Sent: Wednesday, June 05, 2013 4:14 PM
  Subject: Re:more information needed


  Dear Lili Hristova


  Thank you for your email.


  Please note all of our readymade companies are non-trading companies. Therefore each year we file company's Annual Return and Dormany Company Accounts.


  You can verify these details by accessing company information on company registrar website www.companieshouse.gov.uk.


  Our UK readymade company service details are:


  UK Ready Made Company:

  Our Readymade company price starts from 150 GBP. You can view the list of our Ready Made companies on the following link:

  http://www.formationshouse.com/search/readymade.php

  The package includes:

   Company 
   Free domain name
   1 free E-mail address
   Hard copy certificate of incorporation
   The complete set of company documents is available in the customer's online account in download able / printable PDF format


  Basic Requirements:

   1 Company Director (can be of any nationality and can reside anywhere in the world)
   1 Shareholder (Director can also be a Shareholder)
   Registered address in the UK (i.e. a valid postal address in England, Wales or Scotland).


  Registered Address Service:

  This service can be used to register a company in the UK if you cannot provide a valid UK postal address; the cost for this service is 25 GBP.

  Please note, that this address will only be used for receiving official mail coming from Companies House; everything else will be returned to the sender.


  To place an order for UK Ready Made company please go to the following link:
  http://www.formationshouse.com/search/readymade.php

  On this link you view list and order our Ready Made companies using the 'Purchase' link of the required company name. This link will take you to the 1st step of our 7 step online company formation procedure. On the 2nd step of this procedure you can choose additional services such as Registered Address, etc.


  Payment can be made by using any of the following methods:

   Cheque, Draft
   Bank Transfer
   Credit, Debit, Solo & Switch Card


  Documents required for due diligence:

  Scan copies of following documents are required for company owner/director/s.

  1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport
  2. Proof of Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement.


  After placing the order you can email the above mentioned documents to support@formationshouse.com. Please do mention your Customer ID and Order Number in the email.


  I hope above information is satisfactory.


  If you require further information or assistance you can contact me at info@formationshouse.com or steve@formationshouse.com or 0044-(0)207-016-2727 Monday to Friday 12pm to 9pm GMT.


  Looking forward to assist you.


  Regards

  Steve Smith
  FORMATIONS HOUSE
  www.formationshouse.com Dear Steve,
Thank you very much for the detailed 
answer.
I have the following question - one of the 
requirements is Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) . Can 
these be on the name of my daughter or should they be specifically on my name?
And also - can you recommend an accountant 
in the region of Stockport, Manchester?
I would be interested in Vacation Ltd in 
your list of travel & tourism but how can I be sure that this company is OK. 
Where can I see the financial status of this company?
Thank you for your support in 
advance.
Kind regards
Lili Hristova
tel. +359 878 864 160
----- Original Message -----
From:
support@formationshouse.com
To:
lili@avtobusi.com
Sent:
Wednesday, June 05, 2013 4:14 
  PM
Subject:
Re:more information needed
Dear Lili Hristova
Thank you for your 
  email.
Please note all of our readymade companies are non-trading 
  companies. Therefore each year we file company's Annual Return and Dormany 
  Company Accounts.
You can verify these details by accessing company 
  information on company registrar website
www.companieshouse.gov.uk
.
Our 
  UK readymade company service details are:
UK Ready Made 
  Company:
Our Readymade company price starts from 150 GBP. You can view 
  the list of our Ready Made companies on the following 
  link:
http://www.formationshouse.com/search/readymade.php
The 
  package includes:
• Company
• Free domain name
• 1 free E-mail 
  address
• Hard copy certificate of incorporation
• The complete set of 
  company documents is available in the customer’s online account in download 
  able / printable PDF format
Basic Requirements:
• 1 Company 
  Director (can be of any nationality and can reside anywhere in the world)
• 
  1 Shareholder (Director can also be a Shareholder)
• Registered address in 
  the UK (i.e. a valid postal address in England, Wales or 
  Scotland).
Registered Address Service:
This service can be 
  used to register a company in the UK if you cannot provide a valid UK postal 
  address; the cost for this service is 25 GBP.
Please note, that this 
  address will only be used for receiving official mail coming from Companies 
  House; everything else will be returned to the sender.
To place an 
  order for UK Ready Made company please go to the following 
  link:
http://www.formationshouse.com/search/readymade.php
On this 
  link you view list and order our Ready Made companies using the 'Purchase' 
  link of the required company name. This link will take you to the 1st step of 
  our 7 step online company formation procedure. On the 2nd step of this 
  procedure you can choose additional services such as Registered Address, 
  etc.
Payment can be made by using any of the following 
  methods:
• Cheque, Draft
• Bank Transfer
• Credit, Debit, Solo 
  & Switch Card
Documents required for due diligence:
Scan 
  copies of following documents are required for company 
  owner/director/s.
1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport
2. Proof of 
  Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest 
  personal bank/credit card statement.
After placing the order you 
  can email the above mentioned documents to support@formationshouse.com. Please 
  do mention your Customer ID and Order Number in the email.
I hope 
  above information is satisfactory.
If you require further 
  information or assistance you can contact me at info@formationshouse.com or 
  steve@formationshouse.com or 0044-(0)207-016-2727 Monday to Friday 12pm to 9pm 
  GMT.
Looking forward to assist you.
Regards
Steve 
  Smith
FORMATIONS HOUSE
www.formationshouse.com