Date: Fri, 1 Feb 2013 11:06:09 -0000
Subject: RE: Hi . ( URGENT)
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <c.pawar@londoncsf.com>
To: "'FORTUNE VENTURES WORLDWIDE LIMITED'" <fortuneventures.uk@live.in>
CC: "Steve" <steve@formationshouse.com>

He has been appointed director with a small number of non-voting shares. The
job title he takes is up to you and does not influence the appointment of a
director. Via Online Administrator or via Steve you can appoint another
director, but Bruno may not as he does not have access to the online admin
account (I suggest a password change to be sure).

 

Logo will be back with you today. 

 

As a director he can be added to the Bank Mandate (this is the signing
authority form) at any time.

 

You may remove him as director and appoint as a company secretary which
would still allow him to be placed on the bank mandate, keep shares but not
have director ownership.

 

I am chasing Raj again, and also note that the VAT application cannot be
done without the bank account number which takes time to be given. It is all
done online however and so you do not need to sign anything.

 

 

 

From: FORTUNE VENTURES WORLDWIDE LIMITED [mailto:fortuneventures.uk@live.in]

Sent: 01 February 2013 11:01
To: c.pawar@londoncsf.com
Subject: Hi . ( URGENT)
Importance: High

 

01.02.2013.
 
Hi Charlotte,
 
Good morning . 
 
May I request you to kindly expedite the designing of the Logo please , as
it is a bit urgent.
 
In reference to our discussions yesterday  regarding Bruno ---- Instead of
making him a Director cant we make him something like 
Head Marketing & Sales  , or  COO Europe or any such High post. Along with
some shares as discussed.
 
Why I say so is that if this is possible than we are appointing him. Other
technicalities will be our understanding.
 
Or as off now Can I Director appoint another Director ???
 
I think we need to see to it once more, sorry to bother you.
 
My point is simple ---- Bruno stands where he is, will be given some shares
of the company, Will be given a High post,
but will be appointed by us.  He may be given authority to operate the Bank
, also as an Authorised Signatory.
 
Waiting for your  opinion please
 
 
Thanks and sorry to bother you.
 
Siddhartha

He has been appointed director with a small number of non-voting shares. The job title he takes is up to you and does not influence the appointment of a director. Via Online Administrator or via Steve you can appoint another director, but Bruno may not as he does not have access to the online admin account (I suggest a password change to be sure).
Logo will be back with you today.
As a director he can be added to the Bank Mandate (this is the signing authority form) at any time.
You may remove him as director and appoint as a company secretary which would still allow him to be placed on the bank mandate, keep shares but not have director ownership.
I am chasing Raj again, and also note that the VAT application cannot be done without the bank account number which takes time to be given. It is all done online however and so you do not need to sign anything.
From:
FORTUNE VENTURES WORLDWIDE LIMITED [mailto:fortuneventures.uk@live.in]
Sent:
01 February 2013 11:01
To:
c.pawar@londoncsf.com
Subject:
Hi . ( URGENT)
Importance:
High
01.02.2013.
Hi Charlotte,
Good morning .
May I request you to kindly expedite the designing of the Logo please , as it is a bit urgent.
In reference to our discussions yesterday  regarding Bruno ---- Instead of making him a Director cant we make him something like
Head Marketing & Sales  , or  COO Europe or any such High post. Along with some shares as discussed.
Why I say so is that if this is possible than we are appointing him. Other technicalities will be our understanding.
Or as off now Can I Director appoint another Director ???
I think we need to see to it once more, sorry to bother you.
My point is simple ---- Bruno stands where he is, will be given some shares of the company, Will be given a High post,
but will be appointed by us.  He may be given authority to operate the Bank , also as an Authorised Signatory.
Waiting for your  opinion please
Thanks and sorry to bother you.
Siddhartha