Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2013 21:54:55 +0500
Subject: RE: GATEX LIMITED - Ref. 406195
From: "Sarah" <sarah@formationshouse.com>
To: "'Steve Smith \(Formations House\)'" <steve@formationshouse.com>

 

Dear Sarah,

 

We thank you for submitting the application to open an account for GATEX
LIMITED. Reference number 406195 has been allocated and we would appreciate
that this number ir quoted in all future correspondence regarding the
application. 

 

We advise that upon reviewing the application the following information and
documentation are still required in order to complete our file:

 

-        Kindly confirm the country of operation. The Business address is in
UK , but based on the application, the country of operation is Seychelles.
Please clarify. 

-        More specific information on the business activities ( i.e. types
of IT Consultancy and developments )  and in addition please provide us with
the website of the company. 

-        Business activities of Advanced Cloud Solutions LLP and website of
the company. 

-        Certified renewed passport for Mr. Aleksandrs Grolovs ( as the
passport provided has expired ) and his specific occupation as 'Management
Consultant' is a general term.(this will be certified by us and sent by post
to FBME along with the reference letter)

-        As the reference letter is also providing the passport number,
please provide us with a new reference letter indicating the number of the
renewed passport. 

-        Kindly provide us with the attached Letter of Good Standing ,
confirmed by the Director. 

-        Certified minutes of the first meeting, allocating the shares. 

 

In addition please find attached the new Bank Forms which need to be
completed in the future ( as the bank forms dated 2008 are not acceptable
for future applications ).

 

I remain at your disposal for any further information you may need.

 

Kind regards,

Irene Vladimirou 

 


http://www.eset.com

Dear
Sarah,
We thank
you for submitting the application to open an account for
GATEX LIMITED.
Reference
number
406195
has been allocated and we would appreciate that this
number ir quoted in all future correspondence regarding the application.
We
advise that upon reviewing the application the following information and documentation
are still required in order to complete our file:
-
Kindly confirm the country of operation.
The Business address is in UK , but based on the application, the country of
operation is Seychelles. Please clarify.
-
More specific information on the business
activities ( i.e. types of IT Consultancy and developments )  and in
addition please provide us with the website of the company.
-
Business activities of Advanced Cloud
Solutions LLP and website of the company.
-
Certified renewed passport for Mr. Aleksandrs
Grolovs ( as the passport provided has expired ) and his specific occupation as
’Management Consultant’ is a general term.
(this
will be certified by us and sent by post to FBME along with the reference
letter)
-
As the reference letter is also providing
the passport number, please provide us with a new reference letter indicating
the number of the renewed passport.
-
Kindly provide us with the attached Letter
of Good Standing , confirmed by the Director.
-
Certified minutes of the first meeting,
allocating the shares.
In
addition please find attached the new Bank Forms which need to be completed in
the future ( as the bank forms dated 2008 are not acceptable for future
applications ).
I remain
at your disposal for any further information you may need.
Kind
regards,
Irene
Vladimirou
http://www.eset.com
__________ Information from ESET NOD32 Antivirus, version of virus signature database 9178 (20131216) __________
The message was checked by ESET NOD32 Antivirus.
http://www.eset.com