Date: Thu, 4 Apr 2013 11:23:29 +0200
Subject: Re: Re:INCORPORATION SERVICES
From: "Edward Porter" <consult@go.net.mt>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Mr. Smith,

Thank you for your information. To complete my initial info requirement can you please advise if you incorporate companies in Jersey and ,if so, what are the requirements? 

Thanks

Best regards

Edward Porter


From: support@formationshouse.com 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2013 7:48 PM
To: consult@go.net.mt 
Subject: Re:INCORPORATION SERVICES


Dear Edward Porter


Thank you for your interest in our services.


We can certainly provide you offshore company registration in British Virgin Islands.


The cost of the service is 1300 GBP and it takes10-14 working days for the company to be formed. You would need to renew the company's registration every year. The cost for the annual renewal is 750 GBP.


BVI company formation package includes:

- Certificate of Incorporation
- Articles of association
- Memorandum of association
- Share certificates and share register
- Resolution of the subscribers appointing the initial directors
- Local Agent in BVI 
- Registered address in BVI 


Once the company is formed, it takes 5-6 working days for the set of the company documents to be delivered to the address provided by the customer


Documents required for due diligence:

Scan copies of following documents are required for company owner/director/s.

1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport
2. Proof of Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement.


If you wish to place the order for the company formation service, they simply need to follow the process: 

. Click on the button marked "Order Here" on our website www.o-c.com
. Follow the 7-step online procedure by filling in the required detail
. Purchase on the second step the desired additional services such as Nominee Shareholder, bank account opening etc... 
. Check out at the 7th step after choosing the preferred modes of payment



I hope above information is satisfactory.


If you require further information or assistance you can contact me at info@formationshouse.com or steve@formationshouse.com or 0044-(0)207-016-2727 Monday to Friday 12pm to 9pm GMT.


Looking forward to assist you.


Regards

Steve Smith
FORMATIONS HOUSE
www.formationshouse.com Dear Mr. Smith,
Thank you for your information. To complete my initial 
info requirement can you please advise if you incorporate companies in Jersey 
and ,if so, what are the requirements?
Thanks
Best regards
Edward Porter
From:
support@formationshouse.com
Sent:
Wednesday, April 03, 2013 7:48 PM
To:
consult@go.net.mt
Subject:
Re:INCORPORATION SERVICES
Dear Edward Porter
Thank you for your interest in our 
services.
We can certainly provide you offshore company registration 
in British Virgin Islands.
The cost of the service is 1300 GBP and it 
takes10-14 working days for the company to be formed. You would need to renew 
the company’s registration every year. The cost for the annual renewal is 750 
GBP.
BVI company formation package includes:
- Certificate of 
Incorporation
- Articles of association
- Memorandum of association
- 
Share certificates and share register
- Resolution of the subscribers 
appointing the initial directors
- Local Agent in BVI
- Registered 
address in BVI
Once the company is formed, it takes 5-6 working days 
for the set of the company documents to be delivered to the address provided by 
the customer
Documents required for due diligence:
Scan copies 
of following documents are required for company owner/director/s.
1. 
Proof of ID - Valid Passport
2. Proof of Address - Last 3 months utility 
bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card 
statement.
If you wish to place the order for the company formation 
service, they simply need to follow the process:
• Click on the button 
marked “Order Here” on our website www.o-c.com
• Follow the 7-step online 
procedure by filling in the required detail
• Purchase on the second step the 
desired additional services such as Nominee Shareholder, bank account opening 
etc...
• Check out at the 7th step after choosing the preferred modes of 
payment
I hope above information is satisfactory.
If 
you require further information or assistance you can contact me at 
info@formationshouse.com or steve@formationshouse.com or 0044-(0)207-016-2727 
Monday to Friday 12pm to 9pm GMT.
Looking forward to assist 
you.
Regards
Steve Smith
FORMATIONS 
HOUSE
www.formationshouse.com