Date: Fri, 20 Dec 2013 21:36:30 +0500
Subject: UK Company Formation
From: "Felix Almeida" <felix@formationshouse.com>
To: "Steve Smith \(Formations House\)" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Hello,

I'm looking for creation of company in "trusted" part of world, USA/UK, not
Belize etc.

Main purpose of company will be owning Czech ltd company which I'll sell to
it.
No transactions, no bank account, maybe nominee director for first year (it
is not too good two same names on both sides of legal documents).

What I must do to run this type of company, what I want and what it will
cost?
I'm able to do most of paperwork, if i know rules and see examples. No
traveling anywhere.

Regards,
Jan

 

Mr. Jan,

 

Thank you for showing interest in our services. Yes we can register a
company for you in the UK. Below are the details of the service:

 

UK Company Formation:

The cost to register a private limited company in the UK is 50 GBP; the time
period required to complete the procedure is 3-4 working days. However, if
you choose our Express formation service for an additional 25 GBP, your
company will be formed within 8 working hours (our working hours are
0900-1700 GMT). 

The package includes:

- Company incorporation fees

- Free domain name

- Free email account

- Provision of all company documents (available online)

- Certificate of Incorporation. (Hard copy mailed)

 

The Basic Company Requirements are as follows:

- 1 director, Natural person (Can be any nationality and live anywhere in
the world)

- 1 shareholder (director can also be a shareholder)

- Valid postal address in the UK.

 

If you cannot provide a valid UK registered address you could use our below
mentioned service.

 

Registered address in the UK (i.e. a valid postal address in UK)

If you cannot provide a valid UK postal address, you can use our Registered
Address service for 25 GBP.

 

However the address cannot be used for trading nor would you be able to
print it on your business cards or letter heads as it is only to assist you
in opening the company and will only cater to HMRC and Companies house
correspondence. Any other mail received on this service will be returned
back to the sender.

 

Documents required for due diligence:

Scan copies of following documents are required for company
owner/director/s.

1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport

2. Proof of Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR
electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement.

 

To place an order for company formation, please click on the link
http://www.formationshouse.com/search/search.php. This link will take you to
the 1st step of our 7 step online company formation procedure. On the 2nd
step of this procedure you can choose additional services.

 

Online Company Administrator (Highly recommended)

We provide online company administrator service for 25 GBP per year which
allows you to modify & maintain your company's record synchronized with both
Companies House and Formations House databases at the same time
electronically.  

 

 

If you need any further assistance please do not hesitate to contact us
anytime between 9AM GMT to 9PM GMT by telephone (Sales: 02070162727/
02072552557; Support: 02070162728, live chat (www.formationshouse.com) or
email (support@formationshouse.com).

 

 

Regards,

 

Felix Almeida.

Formations House

 

 

He
llo,
I'm looking for creation of company in "trusted" part of world, USA/UK, not Belize etc.
Main purpose of company will be owning Czech ltd company which I'll sell to it.
No transactions, no bank account, maybe nominee director for first year (it is not too good two same names on both sides of legal documents).
What I must do to run this type of company, what I want and what it will cost?
I'm able to do most of paperwork, if i know rules and see examples. No traveling anywhere.
Regards,
Jan
Mr. Jan,
Thank you for showing interest in our services. Yes we can register a company for you in the UK. Below are the details of the service:
UK Company Formation:
The cost to register a private limited company in the UK is 50 GBP; the time period required to complete the procedure is 3-4 working days. However, if you choose our Express formation service for an additional 25 GBP, your company will be formed within 8 working hours (our working hours are 0900-1700 GMT).
The package includes:
- Company incorporation fees
- Free domain name
- Free email account
- Provision of all company documents (available online)
- Certificate of Incorporation. (Hard copy mailed)
The Basic Company Requirements are as follows:
- 1 director, Natural person (Can be any nationality and live anywhere in the world)
- 1 shareholder (director can also be a shareholder)
- Valid postal address in the UK.
If you cannot provide a valid UK registered address you could use our below mentioned service.
Registered address in the UK (i.e. a valid postal address in UK)
If you cannot provide a valid UK postal address, you can use our Registered Address service for 25 GBP.
However the address cannot be used for trading nor would you be able to print it on your business cards or letter heads as it is only to assist you in opening the company and will only cater to HMRC and Companies house correspondence. Any other mail received on this service will be returned back to the sender.
Documents required for due diligence:
Scan copies of following documents are required for company owner/director/s.
1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport
2. Proof of Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement.
To place an order for company formation, please click on the link http://www.formationshouse.com/search/search.php. This link will take you to the 1st step of our 7 step online company formation procedure. On the 2nd step of this procedure you can choose additional services.
Online Company Administrator (Highly recommended)
We provide online company administrator service for 25 GBP per year which allows you to modify & maintain your company’s record synchronized with both Companies House and Formations House databases at the same time electronically.
If you need any further assistance please do not hesitate to contact us anytime between 9AM GMT to 9PM GMT by telephone (Sales: 02070162727/ 02072552557; Support: 02070162728, live chat (www.formationshouse.com) or email (support@formationshouse.com).
Regards,
Felix Almeida.
Formations House