Date: Tue, 23 Apr 2013 00:20:25 +0800
Subject: Application for offshore company, offshore merchant account and
 payment gateway
From: Mark Chia <markchia76@gmail.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Hi Steve,

I am a little confused with your services. Allow me to tell you what I am
looking for. I don't have a company name yet. I have an ecommerce website
soon to be ready. I am short of a payment gateway. Thus, I need to apply
for an offshore company, an offshore merchant account and a payment gateway
to accept credit cards online. Is Formations House able to provide all
these under one roof? By the way, I am selling steroids online catering to
worldwide. Couple of questions below.


1. Could you kindly guide me step by step what to do first and then what's
next?

2. Do I apply all at the same time or one by one?

3. What will be my discount rate and is there any rolling reserves?

4. How many days to receive my money after each transaction?

5. Can the money be deposited directly to my local bank?

6. Any monthly charges?

 7. Any contract term?

8. Why is British Virgin Islands at $1300 and Seychelles at $500 for
opening an offshore company? What is the difference?


Here is a description of my business. My ecommerce website is new and going
to be launched very soon. I am selling genuine steroids catering to
worldwide. I opt for credit card payment because I want to help customers
save on money transfer charges and also to give them assurance that mine
is a legit source. I will provide online tracking once an order is placed.
I estimate that my yearly revenue to be around US$500,000. I have engaged
a SEO company to push up my ranking to first page in Google. Once my
website goes live, they will start to do the SEO. Guarantee within a year
to page 1 in Google. So my revenue may be below the above estimation for
the first year. I hope not though. But once I am up on page 1 of Google,
sales would have pick up tremendously I suppose. Then very likely I may
achieve over US$1 million in revenue per year. One thing to note for your
decision on the discount rate given to me. I strongly believe my chargeback
will be extremely low because I have online tracking for my customers and
also my company name(domain name) will be reflected on my customers credit
card statement. Thus, your risk will be minimised to a great extend. I
really do hope you can offer me a lower discount rate. Hope to hear from
you soon. Cheers.


Regards
Mark
Hi Steve,
I am a little confused with your services. Allow me to tell you what I am looking for. I don't have a company name yet. I have an ecommerce website soon to be ready. I am short of a payment gateway. Thus, I need to apply for an offshore company, an offshore merchant account and a payment gateway to accept credit cards online. Is Formations House able to provide all these under one roof? By the way, I am selling steroids online catering to worldwide. Couple of questions below.
1. Could you kindly guide me step by step what to do first and then what's next?
2. Do I apply all at the same time or one by one?
3. What will be my discount rate and is there any rolling reserves?
4. How many days to receive my money after each transaction?
5. Can the money be deposited directly to my local bank?
6. Any monthly charges?
7. Any contract term?
8. Why is British Virgin Islands at $1300 and Seychelles at $500 for opening an offshore company? What is the difference?
Here is a description of my business. My ecommerce website is new and going to be launched very soon. I am selling genuine steroids catering to worldwide. I opt for credit card payment because I want to help customers save on money transfer charges and also to give them assurance that mine is a legit source. I will provide online tracking once an order is placed. I estimate that my yearly revenue to be around US$500,000. I have engaged a SEO company to push up my ranking to first page in Google. Once my website goes live, they will start to do the SEO. Guarantee within a year to page 1 in Google. So my revenue may be below the above estimation for the first year. I hope not though. But once I am up on page 1 of Google, sales would have pick up tremendously I suppose. Then very likely I may achieve over US$1 million in revenue per year. One thing to note for your decision on the discount rate given to me. I strongly believe my chargeback will be extremely low because I have online tracking for my customers and also my company name(domain name) will be reflected on my customers credit card statement. Thus, your risk will be minimised to a great extend. I really do hope you can offer me a lower discount rate. Hope to hear from you soon. Cheers.
Regards
Mark