Date: Fri, 18 Oct 2013 17:56:57 +0500
Subject: Fw: Re: Re: Liberum Limited BANK ACCOUNT OPENING.
From: "Bernard" <bernard@formationshouse.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>


----- Original Message ----- 
From: Nils Kauppi 
To: support@formationshouse.com 
Sent: Wednesday, October 16, 2013 1:03 PM
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Liberum Limited BANK ACCOUNT OPENING.


Hello, 




See answers and the requested information in blue text below. 




Thank you, 









Best regards

Nils Kauppi


---
Telephone: +47 969 553 01

E-mail: nils.kauppi@gmail.com





2013/10/11 <support@formationshouse.com>

  We advise that upon reviewing the application the following documentation/information is still required in order to complete our file:

  1. In relation to the business profile, please provide the following information:
  • Please confirm whether the companies NBT Consulting Sweden and NBT Consulting are the own companies of the client. Please provide web sites or description of business activities



The Companies NBT Consulting Sweden and NBT Consulting are exclusively owned by Nils Kauppi.




There is no homepage for the companies.




Business activities are consulting services within structural engineering calculations.

  • Please provide web site of the applicant company Liberum Limited. If not available for further information, please specify in details what engineering consulting and investment the company conducts and provide examples of international customers (as indicated on the business profile).



Liberum Limited has no homepage.




Engineering Consulting services will be provided by Liberum Limeted within Structural Calculations and CAE simulations for the SubSea oil industry.




Liberum Limited has not done any investments yet. The plan is to make investments in stocks and funds within Europe.




Examples of consumers: Aker Solutions (http://akersolutions.com/) and Nemo (http://www.nemo-group.com/home/)

  • Please provide the client` s CV



See attachment.


  • Kindly clarify whether the client/companies provide any services in the U.S. or whether they have a presence in the U.S.



Neither the applicant client or the companies has any presence in the U.S.




No services from the companies are provided in the U.S






  2. Please note that according to the corporate documents, the company LIBERUM LLC is a corporate director of the company. Please be advised that full set of its corporate documents is required (Certificate of Incorporation, Subscribers` Resolution appointing the first director, Resolution allocating the shares, Share certificates, Memorandum & Articles of Association and a Certificate of Good Standing/Incumbency if the company was incorporated more than a year ago). ID documents of the company` s directors, shareholders and ultimate beneficial owners are needed oi these individuals have not been known to the Bank yet.



Certificate of Incorporation: See attachment.


Subscribers` Resolution appointing the first director: Not Applicable. Nils Kauppi become the director when the company was formed. 

Resolution allocating the shares: Not Applicable. Nils Kauppi become the owner of the company, 100% of the shares, when it was formed.


Share certificates: See attachment. Nils Kauppi owns 100%.


Memorandum & Articles of Association: See attachment. Signatures are find at the two last pages.


Certificate of Good Standing/Incumbency if the company was incorporated more than a year ago: The company was formed during the second half of 2013.





ID documents of the company` s directors, shareholders and ultimate beneficial owners: Nils Kauppi is the director and ultimate beneficial owner. The ID has been provided earlier. 





  3. Please explain the fact that on the card application, client` s residential address is stated at Observatoriegata 16 A but the address proof states Norrskensvagen 10. Please advise.



The address proof state “Norrsekensvagen 10” is correct and shall be used for the card application.




The post address “Observatoriegata 16A” is just a post address used for Nils Kauppi during jobs in Oslo.





  We hope to receive the above information/documents soon in order to proceed with the application.


----- Original Message -----
From:
Nils Kauppi
To:
support@formationshouse.com
Sent:
Wednesday, October 16, 2013 1:03 PM
Subject:
Re: Re: Re: Liberum Limited BANK ACCOUNT 
OPENING.
Hello,
See 
answers and the requested information in blue text below.
Thank 
you,
Best regards
Nils Kauppi
---
Telephone:
+47 969 553 01
E-mail
:
nils.kauppi@gmail.com
2013/10/11
<
support@formationshouse.com
>
We 
  advise that upon reviewing the application the following 
  documentation/information is still required in order to complete our 
  file:
1. In relation to the business profile, please provide the 
  following information:
• Please confirm whether the companies NBT 
  Consulting Sweden and NBT Consulting are the own companies of the client. 
  Please provide web sites or description of business activities
The Companies NBT Consulting Sweden and NBT Consulting 
are exclusively owned by Nils Kauppi.
There 
is no homepage for the companies.
Business 
activities are consulting services within structural engineering 
calculations.
• 
  Please provide web site of the applicant company Liberum Limited. If not 
  available for further information, please specify in details what engineering 
  consulting and investment the company conducts and provide examples of 
  international customers (as indicated on the business profile).
Liberum 
Limited has no homepage.
Engineering 
Consulting services will be provided by Liberum Limeted within Structural 
Calculations and CAE simulations for the SubSea oil 
industry.
Liberum 
Limited has not done any investments yet. The plan is to make investments in 
stocks and funds within Europe.
Examples 
of consumers: Aker Solutions (
http://akersolutions.com/
) and Nemo (
http://www.nemo-group.com/home/
)
• 
  Please provide the client` s CV
See 
attachment.
• 
  Kindly clarify whether the client/companies provide any services in the U.S. 
  or whether they have a presence in the U.S.
Neither 
the applicant client or the companies has any presence in the 
U.S.
No 
services from the companies are provided in the U.S
2. 
  Please note that according to the corporate documents, the company LIBERUM LLC 
  is a corporate director of the company. Please be advised that full set of its 
  corporate documents is required (Certificate of Incorporation, Subscribers` 
  Resolution appointing the first director, Resolution allocating the shares, 
  Share certificates, Memorandum & Articles of Association and a Certificate 
  of Good Standing/Incumbency if the company was incorporated more than a year 
  ago). ID documents of the company` s directors, shareholders and ultimate 
  beneficial owners are needed oi these individuals have not been known to the 
  Bank yet.
Certificate of Incorporation:
See 
attachment.
Subscribers` Resolution appointing the first 
director:
Not Applicable. Nils Kauppi become the director when the 
company was formed.
Resolution allocating the shares:
Not Applicable. Nils Kauppi become the owner 
of the company,
100% of 
the shares,
when it was 
formed.
Share certificates:
See attachment. Nils 
Kauppi owns 100%.
Memorandum & Articles of 
Association:
See attachment. 
Signatures are find at the two last pages.
Certificate of Good Standing/Incumbency if the 
company was incorporated more than a year ago:
The company was formed 
during the second half of 2013.
ID documents of the company` s directors, 
shareholders and ultimate beneficial owners:
Nils Kauppi is the director 
and ultimate beneficial owner. The ID has been 
provided earlier.
3. 
  Please explain the fact that on the card application, client` s residential 
  address is stated at Observatoriegata 16 A but the address proof states 
  Norrskensvagen 10. Please advise.
The 
address proof state “Norrsekensvagen 10” is correct and shall be used for the 
card application.
The 
post address “Observatoriegata 16A” is just a post address used for Nils Kauppi 
during jobs in Oslo.
We 
  hope to receive the above information/documents soon in order to proceed with 
  the application.