Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 12:09:44 +0100
Subject: RE: Hi from Siddhartha Das Gupta.
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <c.pawar@londoncsf.com>
To: "'Royal Fortune'" <royalfortune@live.in>
CC: "Steve" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Mr Das Gupta

 

I have just returned from travelling on Business and hence could not reply
sooner.

 

I hope you are feeling better.

 

I believe I am in London at the beginning of October, but before I can book
a meeting I need to know whether this would be for administration discussion
in which I would need to ask one of my colleagues to speak to you who can
assist in all enquiries for the UK company.

 

Kind Regards

 

Charlotte

 

From: Royal Fortune [mailto:royalfortune@live.in] 
Sent: 05 September 2013 18:23
To: charlotte
Subject: Hi from Siddhartha Das Gupta.
Importance: High

 

05.09.2013                               URGENT & CONFIDENTIAL
 
Dear Ms. Pawar,
 
Greetings from Siddhartha Das Gupta, Fortune Ventures Worldwide Ltd.
 
I am sending this mail to you after a very long time as I was seriously ill
suddenly and for quite a long time.
In the process we could not do anything as such in the last few months.
 
As I was totally off and was restricted  to many actions, Bruno Machado who
was given a limited share also might have got demotivated. 
 
I have received a mail from Mr. Steve that the Office address in US and
China has expired. Mam, let it be as has happened .
 
Please note that I shall be coming to London on 2nd October for 3/4 days. I
would request for an appointment with you on 4th October 2013in the first
half , where we shall discuss our strategy there off.
 
Kindly keep this mail within us. We shall talk on 4th of Oct 2013.
 
Kindly do confirm the time please.  




With sincere compliments & best wishes....

 

Dr. Sir. Siddhartha Das Gupta

Managing Director & CEO

Royal Fortune Ventures (I) Limited.

 

 

Director & CEO~ Global Operations.

Fortune Ventures Worldwide Limited.

London,  India.

Kindly do give a thought to the Nature.
<http://i.istockimg.com/file_thumbview_approve/3986571/1/stock-illustration-
3986571-forward-thinking.jpg> Print this document only if you need it
.!!!!!!!!

 

Disclaimer
This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use
of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential,
legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you
are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use,
review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its
contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not
the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without
appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently
from your records and notify the sender. This mail makes no warranties as to
the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts
no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct,
indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or
due to use of the information given in this message.

 

Dear Mr Das Gupta
I have just returned from travelling on Business and hence could not reply sooner.
I hope you are feeling better.
I believe I am in London at the beginning of October, but before I can book a meeting I need to know whether this would be for administration discussion in which I would need to ask one of my colleagues to speak to you who can assist in all enquiries for the UK company.
Kind Regards
Charlotte
From:
Royal Fortune [mailto:royalfortune@live.in]
Sent:
05 September 2013 18:23
To:
charlotte
Subject:
Hi from Siddhartha Das Gupta.
Importance:
High
05.09.2013
URGENT & CONFIDENTIAL
Dear Ms. Pawar,
Greetings from Siddhartha Das Gupta, Fortune Ventures Worldwide Ltd.
I am sending this mail to you after a very long time as I was seriously ill suddenly and for quite a long time.
In the process we could not do anything as such in the last few months.
As I was totally off and was restricted  to many actions, Bruno Machado who was given a limited share also might have got demotivated.
I have received a mail from Mr. Steve that the Office address in US and China has expired. Mam, let it be as has happened .
Please note that I shall be coming to London on 2nd October for 3/4 days. I would request for an appointment with you on
4th October 2013in the first half
, where we shall discuss our strategy there off.
Kindly keep this mail within us. We shall talk on 4th of Oct 2013.
Kindly do confirm the time please.
With sincere compliments & best wishes....
Dr. Sir. Siddhartha Das Gupta
Managing Director & CEO
Royal Fortune Ventures (I) Limited
.
Director & CEO~ Global Operations.
Fortune Ventures Worldwide Limited.
London,  India.
Kindly do give a thought to the Nature.
Print this document only if you need it .!!!!!!!!
Disclaimer
This message, including any files transmitted with it, is for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential, legally privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any unauthorized use, review, storage, disclosure or distribution of this message and/or its contents in any form is strictly prohibited. If it appears that you are not the intended recipient or this message has been forwarded to you without appropriate authority, please immediately delete this message permanently from your records and notify the sender. This mail makes no warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this message and accepts no liability for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of or due to use of the information given in this message.