Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2013 19:01:39 +0500
Subject: FW: UK Limited Comapny
From: "Jeff Easthouse" <jeff@formationshouse.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

This guy sending money with my name in reference. Place order for him once
money arrives

 

Damagh ki dahi hai. keep extracting money out of him. I will explain

 

 

 

From: Jeff Easthouse [mailto:jeff@formationshouse.com] 
Sent: Monday, February 11, 2013 5:10 PM
To: 'realestate.2012@email.it'
Subject: UK Limited Comapny
Importance: High

 

Dear Customer,

 

Further to our phone conversation, I am providing you details of UK Limited
Company below:

 

UK Limited Company with email address -            50 GBP

UK Company Address                                                    25 GBP

Company logo, Website,                                              100 GBP

Hosting Service (for website and email)                 50 GBP

Accounting Service
300 GBP

Online Company Administrator                                 25 GBP

==============================================

TOTAL
550 GBP

UK LIMIITED COMPANY 

 

Dear Customer,

 

Thank you for your mail and your interest in our services

 

We can certainly assist you with the registration of a private limited
company in the UK and provide you the additional services which you require.


 

Following are the complete details about our services:

 

Company Registration:

 

The cost to register a private limited company in the UK is 50 GBP; the time
required to complete the procedure is 3-4 working days. However, if you
choose our Express formation service your company will be formed within 8
working hours (our working hours are 0900-1700 GMT) and cost you 25 GBP
extra. 

 

The company package includes:

 

. Company incorporation fee

. Free domain name

. 1 free E-mail address

. Hard copy certificate of incorporation

. The complete set of company documents is available in the customer's
online account in download able / printable PDF format

 

The basic company formation requirements are as follows:

 

. 1 human Director

. Registered address in the UK (i.e. a valid postal address in England,
Wales or Scotland).

 

Please note there is no nationality or residential restriction for the
Director, Secretary and Shareholder of a UK limited company.

 

Registered address service:

 

This service can be used to register a company in the UK if you can not
provide a valid UK postal address; the cost for this service is 25 GBP per
annum.

Please note, that this address will only be used for receiving official mail
coming from Companies House; everything else will be returned to the sender.


 

ORDERING PROCEDURE:

 

If you wish to place an order for company formation, please click on the
link http://www.formationshouse.com/search/search.php. This link will take
you to the 1st step of our 7 step online company formation procedure. On the
2nd step of this procedure you can choose additional services such as
Nominee Secretary, Registered Address etc.

 

Recommended services:

 

Value Accounting:

 

In order to provide a comprehensive and inexpensive accounting solution for
our valued clients, we offer a package that caters to all of the basic
accounting requirements of a company. The cost of this package is 300 GBP
and it includes the following services.

 

. Preparation and E-filing of your company's annual accounts

. E-filing of Corporation Tax Return (CT600) with the Inland Revenue

. Live support for accounting services via phone and email

. Free user-friendly accounting software

. Free review service for your accounts

 

If you wish to place an order for this service please click on the option
available on the 2nd step of company formation.

 

Online Company Administrator:

 

We provide an on-line company administration service which enables our
customers to update/modify their company information/structure over the
Internet; this information/modification is submitted directly with Companies
House (in accordance with statutory requirements). The cost of this service
is 25 GBP per annum, the time required to activate this service is 24 hours.

 

This service allows you to perform the following essential modifications and
updates (It is mandatory to notify Companies house of these changes):

 

- Annual Return Filing (Form 363) 

- Modification of personnel information

- Change of Registered Office Address 

- Appointment of Director or Secretary 

- Appointment of Corporate Director or Secretary 

- Termination of Appointment of Director or Secretary 

- Change of details of Director or Secretary 

- Notice of increase in nominal capital of company 

- Issue new shares

 

If you wish to place an order for this service please click on the option
available on the 2nd step of company formation.

 

WEB AND EMAIL HOSTING

 

We offer a comprehensive high bandwidth web hosting service which operates
around the clock, and also provides complete maintenance support and ample
storage space. We use the best equipment and have experienced and
professional system engineers to provide first-rate web hosting service.
Following are the features of web hosting service: 

 

.             10 GB of web space 

.             Unlimited email addresses 

.             Unlimited Forwarding addresses

.             FTP and Front Page extension support

.             Immediate expert technical support 

.             Option of generating monthly/ daily even hourly usage
statistics

.             You can upload your website using this service

.             Annually renewable 

 

Our web hosting service is most cost effective and efficient, which allows
you to transfer unlimited data to store your HTML documents and related file
on Web server. Our web hosting service does not allow any audio and video
streaming on your website neither it support any programming languages such
as ASP, ASP.NET, JSP and PHP. It only supports simple HTML.  

 

Our web hosting service cost 50 GBP and takes 1 - 2 working days (Mon - Fri)
for the service to be activated.

 

To place an order you will need to send us an email on
info@formationshouse.com containing your order details; our support team
will email you asking to contact your domain name registrar to transfer your
domain name on our IPS tag (IODOMAIN) or name servers which are
ns1.infinidomains.com and ns1.universaldomains.com. You need to inform us by
email once this task is complete. 

 

As soon as the domain name is transferred on our IPS tag, our support team
will send you an email containing the complete user guide for the following:


 

.             How to create a POP email account 

.             How to create a forwarding account 

.             How to forward URL

.             How to check the Hits status

.             How to upload the website

.             Screen shots for setting up Outlook Express

.             Check the DNS record (update + check the record) 

 

GRAPHICS PACAKGE

 

 

I would like to provide you with detailed information regarding our Graphic
value package. Formations House offers high quality, and value driven
graphics solutions at an unbeatable price through Graphics4less, our design
company. We use web automation to provide a simple, user friendly, and
consistent design environment that enables customers to actively participate
in the designing of their business stationary and website. 

 

Our design package includes:

.             Company Logo design

.             10 page (static) website design

.             Business card design with 250 printed business cards in color
( Front Only) 

.             Company letterhead design

 

Benefits to the customers

.             You get all the above mentioned services in a single package. 

.             You are provided with professional support from our graphics
team. 

.             The product is offered at an affordable price. 

.             You can design your own Letterhead, Website and Business cards
using the friendly user interface. 

.             You have ownership of [all material produced] and access to
all materials produced for his company. 

 

This service costs 100 GBP and the whole procedure takes 7-10 working days.
Once the business cards are finalized by the customer it takes 3 to 4 weeks
for it to be delivered to the customer.

 

Terms and Conditions

.             The customer has to start working on the Logo first. 

.             The customer cannot make any kind of changes once he has
finalized the product otherwise an additional fee will be charged. This will
again depend on the information which the customer needs to change. 

.             The website is going to be a 10 pages static website. 

.             The business cards will be made under one person's name only 

 

If you need to place an order, you simply need to login to
www.graphics4less.com and click on the "Order Here" link.

 

As soon as the order is placed, an automated email is sent to you. This
email provides instructions to the customer on using our graphics package
through the online interface.

 

To begin with, you need to fill an online form which requires precise
information regarding your business conduct and your logo design
requirements.

 

You will get the finalized product as follows: 

.             Logo: it is a soft copy provided in jpeg format

.             Business Cards: It is provided to the customer in a soft and
hard copy 

.             Letterhead: it is provided to the customer in a word document
file

.             Website: it is provided to the customer in HMTL format.

 

This service is as well available on the second step of our online company
formation service under the additional service section.

 

Payment can be made by using any of the following methods:

 

*	Bank Transfer
*	Credit, Debit, Solo & Switch Card

 

Please include with your payment, your name, Name of your company, and
name(s) of the service(s) for which you are paying.

 

 

Bank Transfer:

 

Formations House bank details for bank / wire transfer are: 

 

Account Name: Accounts Centre

Statement Address: 29 Harley Street, London, W1G 9QR 

Bank: Royal Bank of Scotland

Address: 49 Charing Cross, London SW1A 2DX

Sort Code: 160038 

Account No: 10320353 

TYPE - Sterling Business Current

IBAN GB75RBOS16003810320353 

IBAN BIC: RBOSGB2L


Credit, Debit, Solo & Switch Card:

In case of credit card, following information is required to process the
payment:

Card Type: e.g. Master, Visa, American Express etc. 
Card Number
Cardholders Name
Address where the card is registered
Expiry Date 
CCV Code: the last three digits from the code written on the backside of the
card

If you require further information or assistance, please do not hesitate to
E-mail me at jeff@formationshouse.com or call at 0207-016-2727. 

 

Best regards,

 

Jeff Easthouse

Formations House

www.formationshouse.com

+442070162727

 

 

This guy sending money with my name in reference… Place order for him once money arrives
Damagh ki dahi hai… keep extracting money out of him… I will explain
From:
Jeff Easthouse [mailto:jeff@formationshouse.com]
Sent:
Monday, February 11, 2013 5:10 PM
To:
'realestate.2012@email.it'
Subject:
UK Limited Comapny
Importance:
High
Dear Customer,
Further to our phone conversation, I am providing you details of UK Limited Company below:
UK Limited Company with email address -            50 GBP
UK Company Address                                                    25 GBP
Company logo, Website,                                              100 GBP
Hosting Service (for website and email)                 50 GBP
Accounting Service                                                          300 GBP
Online Company Administrator                                 25 GBP
==============================================
TOTAL                                                                                   550 GBP
UK LIMIITED COMPANY
Dear Customer,
Thank you for your mail and your interest in our services
We can certainly assist you with the registration of a private limited company in the UK and provide you the additional services which you require.
Following are the complete details about our services:
Company Registration:
The cost to register a private limited company in the UK is 50 GBP; the time required to complete the procedure is 3-4 working days. However, if you choose our Express formation service your company will be formed within 8 working hours (our working hours are 0900-1700 GMT) and cost you 25 GBP extra.
The company package includes:
• Company incorporation fee
• Free domain name
• 1 free E-mail address
• Hard copy certificate of incorporation
• The complete set of company documents is available in the customer’s online account in download able / printable PDF format
The basic company formation requirements are as follows:
• 1 human Director
• Registered address in the UK (i.e. a valid postal address in England, Wales or Scotland).
Please note there is no nationality or residential restriction for the Director, Secretary and Shareholder of a UK limited company.
Registered address service:
This service can be used to register a company in the UK if you can not provide a valid UK postal address; the cost for this service is 25 GBP per annum.
Please note, that this address will only be used for receiving official mail coming from Companies House; everything else will be returned to the sender.
ORDERING PROCEDURE:
If you wish to place an order for company formation, please click on the link
http://www.formationshouse.com/search/search.php
. This link will take you to the 1st step of our 7 step online company formation procedure. On the 2nd step of this procedure you can choose additional services such as Nominee Secretary, Registered Address etc.
Recommended services:
Value Accounting:
In order to provide a comprehensive and inexpensive accounting solution for our valued clients, we offer a package that caters to all of the basic accounting requirements of a company. The cost of this package is 300 GBP and it includes the following services.
• Preparation and E-filing of your company's annual accounts
• E-filing of Corporation Tax Return (CT600) with the Inland Revenue
• Live support for accounting services via phone and email
• Free user-friendly accounting software
• Free review service for your accounts
If you wish to place an order for this service please click on the option available on the 2nd step of company formation.
Online Company Administrator:
We provide an on-line company administration service which enables our customers to update/modify their company information/structure over the Internet; this information/modification is submitted directly with Companies House (in accordance with statutory requirements). The cost of this service is 25 GBP per annum, the time required to activate this service is 24 hours.
This service allows you to perform the following essential modifications and updates (It is mandatory to notify Companies house of these changes):
- Annual Return Filing (Form 363)
- Modification of personnel information
- Change of Registered Office Address
- Appointment of Director or Secretary
- Appointment of Corporate Director or Secretary
- Termination of Appointment of Director or Secretary
- Change of details of Director or Secretary
- Notice of increase in nominal capital of company
- Issue new shares
If you wish to place an order for this service please click on the option available on the 2nd step of company formation.
WEB AND EMAIL HOSTING
We offer a comprehensive high bandwidth web hosting service which operates around the clock, and also provides complete maintenance support and ample storage space. We use the best equipment and have experienced and professional system engineers to provide first-rate web hosting service. Following are the features of web hosting service:
•             10 GB of web space
•             Unlimited email addresses
•             Unlimited Forwarding addresses
•             FTP and Front Page extension support
•             Immediate expert technical support
•             Option of generating monthly/ daily even hourly usage statistics
•             You can upload your website using this service
•             Annually renewable
Our web hosting service is most cost effective and efficient, which allows you to transfer unlimited data to store your HTML documents and related file on Web server. Our web hosting service does not allow any audio and video streaming on your website neither it support any programming languages such as ASP, ASP.NET, JSP and PHP. It only supports simple HTML.
Our web hosting service cost 50 GBP and takes 1 – 2 working days (Mon – Fri) for the service to be activated.
To place an order you will need to send us an email on
info@formationshouse.com
containing your order details; our support team will email you asking to contact your domain name registrar to transfer your domain name on our IPS tag (IODOMAIN) or name servers which are ns1.infinidomains.com and ns1.universaldomains.com. You need to inform us by email once this task is complete.
As soon as the domain name is transferred on our IPS tag, our support team will send you an email containing the complete user guide for the following:
•             How to create a POP email account
•             How to create a forwarding account
•             How to forward URL
•             How to check the Hits status
•             How to upload the website
•             Screen shots for setting up Outlook Express
•             Check the DNS record (update + check the record)
GRAPHICS PACAKGE
I would like to provide you with detailed information regarding our Graphic value package. Formations House offers high quality, and value driven graphics solutions at an unbeatable price through Graphics4less, our design company. We use web automation to provide a simple, user friendly, and consistent design environment that enables customers to actively participate in the designing of their business stationary and website.
Our design package includes:
•             Company Logo design
•             10 page (static) website design
•             Business card design with 250 printed business cards in color ( Front Only)
•             Company letterhead design
Benefits to the customers
•             You get all the above mentioned services in a single package.
•             You are provided with professional support from our graphics team.
•             The product is offered at an affordable price.
•             You can design your own Letterhead, Website and Business cards using the friendly user interface.
•             You have ownership of [all material produced] and access to all materials produced for his company.
This service costs 100 GBP and the whole procedure takes 7-10 working days. Once the business cards are finalized by the customer it takes 3 to 4 weeks for it to be delivered to the customer.
Terms and Conditions
•             The customer has to start working on the Logo first.
•             The customer cannot make any kind of changes once he has finalized the product otherwise an additional fee will be charged. This will again depend on the information which the customer needs to change.
•             The website is going to be a 10 pages static website.
•             The business cards will be made under one person’s name only
If you need to place an order, you simply need to login to
www.graphics4less.com
and click on the “Order Here" link.
As soon as the order is placed, an automated email is sent to you. This email provides instructions to the customer on using our graphics package through the online interface.
To begin with, you need to fill an online form which requires precise information regarding your business conduct and your logo design requirements.
You will get the finalized product as follows:
•             Logo: it is a soft copy provided in jpeg format
•             Business Cards: It is provided to the customer in a soft and hard copy
•             Letterhead: it is provided to the customer in a word document file
•             Website: it is provided to the customer in HMTL format.
This service is as well available on the second step of our online company formation service under the additional service section.
Payment can be made by using any of the following methods:
Bank Transfer
Credit, Debit, Solo & Switch Card
Please include with your payment, your name, Name of your company, and name(s) of the service(s) for which you are paying.
Bank Transfer:
Formations House bank details for bank / wire transfer are:
Account Name: Accounts Centre
Statement Address: 29 Harley Street, London, W1G 9QR
Bank: Royal Bank of Scotland
Address: 49 Charing Cross, London SW1A 2DX
Sort Code: 160038
Account No: 10320353
TYPE - Sterling Business Current
IBAN GB75RBOS16003810320353
IBAN BIC: RBOSGB2L
Credit, Debit, Solo & Switch Card:
In case of credit card, following information is required to process the payment:
Card Type: e.g. Master, Visa, American Express etc.
Card Number
Cardholders Name
Address where the card is registered
Expiry Date
CCV Code: the last three digits from the code written on the backside of the card
If you require further information or assistance, please do not hesitate to E-mail me at
jeff@formationshouse.com
or call at 0207-016-2727.
Best regards,
Jeff Easthouse
Formations House
www.formationshouse.com
+442070162727