Date: Wed, 16 Oct 2013 11:23:29 +0100
Subject: RE: Bank Accounts update
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <cp@accountscentre.net>
To: "'Chris Foot'" <chrisfootuk@gmail.com>,
	"'Steve Smith \(Formations House\)'" <steve@formationshouse.com>,
	"'Aleksandrs Frolovs'" <Aleksandrs.Frolovs@advancedcloudsolutions.co.uk>

Hi Chris

 

I have replied, but perhaps the emails are not being received.

 

Yes we require the letter for Anthony, and the proof from Aleks. 

 

The Seychelles letter for RBS was still not correct and so im trying again.
Raj is being very helpful but it seems the compliance team keep changing the
requirements. I really do hope I can get this sorted asap.

 

I apologise again for all the time taken, we didn't realise there would be
issues, but it seems since the compliance changes at the bank, this is a
problem for us with other clients too and therefore I am pushing to resolve
as soon as we can.

 

I expect another letter from the Seychelles solicitor tomorrow morning. I
will email to raj straightaway for him to get the compliance team to check.
(I will cc you)

 

Thanks

 

Charlotte

 

 

 

From: Chris Foot [mailto:chrisfootuk@gmail.com] 
Sent: 15 October 2013 20:50
To: Charlotte Pawar; Steve Smith (Formations House); Aleksandrs Frolovs
Subject: Bank Accounts update

 

Hi Charlotte/Steve

 

In the absence of any replies to my latest emails, I have to make the
assumption that the only item you are waiting for is a Letter of Good
Standing from Anthony.

 

He will complete this and send to me soon.

 

The bank is also waiting for proof of address from Aleks, who has this in
hand.

 

Is there anything else?

 

I would appreciate a reply as its the only way I know if you need anything.

 

Regards

Chris

 

 

Hi Chris
I have replied, but perhaps the emails are not being received.
Yes we require the letter for Anthony, and the proof from Aleks.
The Seychelles letter for RBS was still not correct and so im trying again. Raj is being very helpful but it seems the compliance team keep changing the requirements. I really do hope I can get this sorted asap.
I apologise again for all the time taken, we didn’t realise there would be issues, but it seems since the compliance changes at the bank, this is a problem for us with other clients too and therefore I am pushing to resolve as soon as we can.
I expect another letter from the Seychelles solicitor tomorrow morning. I will email to raj straightaway for him to get the compliance team to check. (I will cc you)
Thanks
Charlotte
From:
Chris Foot [mailto:chrisfootuk@gmail.com]
Sent:
15 October 2013 20:50
To:
Charlotte Pawar; Steve Smith (Formations House); Aleksandrs Frolovs
Subject:
Bank Accounts update
Hi Charlotte/Steve
In the absence of any replies to my latest emails, I have to make the assumption that the only item you are waiting for is a Letter of Good Standing from Anthony.
He will complete this and send to me soon.
The bank is also waiting for proof of address from Aleks, who has this in hand.
Is there anything else?
I would appreciate a reply as its the only way I know if you need anything.
Regards
Chris