Date: Fri, 1 Feb 2013 07:47:03 -0700
Subject: Offshore Company and Bank Account
From: "FalconsFX Back Office" <backoffice@falconsfx.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

 

HI Steve,

 

It was a pleasure speaking to you on the phone.

 

Regarding our request, we are an unregulated forex company and want to open
an offshore company and offshore bank account. You provided us with BVI &
Seychelles options. Can you provide me with more details and also about my
mentioned point that we made a research and found that Seychelles regulator
SIBA, BVI FSC and Belize regulator IFSC recently announced intentions to
become less tolerant to unregulated financial activities operating from
those jurisdictions.

 

Thank you.

 

 Kind Regards,

 

 Description: image001

 Falcons Financial Investments, LLC

 16192 coastal highway, lewes

 Delaware 19958, county of Sussex, USA

 Tel: +1-315-889-8101

 Fax: +1-866-766-9461

 E-Mail: backoffice <mailto:BackOffice@FalconsFX.Com> @FalconsFX.Com

 Website:  <http://www.falconsfx.com/> www.FalconsFX.Com

 

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:

This e-mail, together with any attachments, is for the exclusive use of the
addressee(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If
you have received this communication in error, please delete it and do not
use, copy, or disclose the contents of this communication to others. Also
please notify us of this error by return e-mail, telephone, or fax. Thank
you for your cooperation.

 

 

HI Steve,
It was a pleasure speaking to you on the phone.
Regarding our request, we are an unregulated forex company and want to open an offshore company and offshore bank account. You provided us with BVI & Seychelles options. Can you provide me with more details and also about my mentioned point that we made a research and found that Seychelles regulator SIBA, BVI FSC and Belize regulator IFSC recently announced intentions to become less tolerant to unregulated financial activities operating from those jurisdictions.
Thank you.
Kind Regards,
Falcons Financial Investments, LLC
16192 coastal highway, lewes
Delaware 19958, county of Sussex, USA
Tel: +1-315-889-8101
Fax: +1-866-766-9461
E-Mail:
backoffice
@
F
alcons
FX
.Com
Website:
www.FalconsFX.Com
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:
This e-mail, together with any attachments, is for the exclusive use of the addressee(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you have received this communication in error, please delete it and do not use, copy, or disclose the contents of this communication to others. Also please notify us of this error by return e-mail, telephone, or fax. Thank you for your cooperation.