Date: Fri, 24 Jan 2014 16:01:50 -0000
Subject: FW: Rietumu 
From: "Alisa" <alisa@formationshouse.com>
To: <bernard@formationshouse.com>
CC: <oliver@formationshouse.com>,
	"Sarah" <sarah@formationshouse.com>,
	"Amiirah  Peerally" <amiira@centre.biz>,
	"Steve Smith \(Formations House\)" <steve@formationshouse.com>,
	"Rebecca Lawrence" <rebecca@formationshouse.com>,
	"Rachel" <rachel@formationshouse.com>

Hi Everyone,

 

Due to the increasing number of account applications for Rietumu I want to make sure the applications can be submitted as smoothly as possible.

 

There are a couple of consistent issues with the forms that you send me to check so I want to start by making clear the relationship we have (Formations House) with Rietumu.

 

Rietumu do not offer distant bank account opening. They want to meet the customer and carry out their identity checks. However, as a partner of theirs and as we have various UK authorisations and an MLR, they allow us to meet the customer and perform the ID confirmation check. We are essentially signing each application to state that we met the customer and they filled the form with us.

 

IMPORTANT: Where this can cause us issues and potentially take away our ability to forward applications to Rietumu (which in turn affects all of our abilities to sell) is when the customer has no way to prove they could have come to our UK office, so if the customer is a resident of a country that needs a visa for the UK, and does not have a valid visa at the date the forms are signed, the order can not be taken and it has to be done through FBME instead.

 

 

Now, I want to help everyone to submit these forms and get the accounts opened for our customers, but with the growing number and the constant problems I want to quickly run through some basics I need all of you to follow before you give me any application to check and send.

 

1.I have attached a questionnaire. Please send this document to the customer and ask them to answer this questions. The answers will help you and the customer to complete the form. If enough details are in questionnaire,  Rietumu will fill the application on our behalf to save the time. If the form is not sufficiently filled, please see points 2 and 3.

 

2.Only the new form should be used!!! Please find attached the form along with an example of how to fill it in. the form is also available online to fill, then save as pdf (if you have the writing software) or print as a pdf doc. http://www.rietumu.lv/documents/english/partners/corporate.pdf

 

3. do not ask the customer to sign the form until I have seen the fully completed form, and the questionnaire. I may want changes, or I might say go ahead and ask the customer to print out the forms and sign them. Then they need to post them back us, they can scan and email also which is useful but we absolutely must have the final signed paperwork in ours hands and the signatures on these have to be in proper ink (not copy and pasted on before printing) 

 

Doing it this way saves everyone time, and as we all rely on sales as well as supporting our customers I know you will all appreciate why I know must ask you to do this with every application. 

 

The following documents have to be given with the application. Many of these I will have already in the UK office but if I don’t then I will tell you. 

The directors ID documents are the standard ones we need for any application but to be sure I have once more detailed them.

 

 

Documents required for legal entities:

 

1.     Original company incorporation documents, including e.g. Incorporation Certificate, Articles of Association, Bylaws etc. 

2.     Documents, confirming the authority to open and manage company accounts e.g. a Power of Attorney, Extract from the Enterprise Register, Resolution, Minutes etc. (Partnership agreement and resolution for LLP)

3.     ID documents: a valid passport or National ID card. (Please note: we need to verify the identity of ALL individuals. If the customer is not based in the UK and can’t visit our offices, he will need to provide a certified copy of his ID)

4.     residents of the countries with which UK maintains a visa regime require to present a travel document with entry stamp.

5.     Proof of address

6.     Documents, confirming the beneficial ownership. (Share certificates or Trust deed)

7.     For companies incorporated more than a year ago: Certificate of Good Standing, certified by the Apostille.

8.     CV

9.     Apostilled set of corporate documents for companies registered in Seychelles, BVI

 

I am often asked to provide the banking fees, please can everyone add this link to their favourites.

http://www.rietumu.com/fees 

 

I’m here to help as much as possible but if you can follow the above then I think the applications will flow more smoothly.

 

Thanks guys and have a nice weekend

 

Alisa

 



Alisa Varushenyeva | Account manager
Formations House | 29 Harley Street

London W1G 9QR
Telephone:   +(44)2076373883 

Russian ext.: +(44)2072555833

 

 

 

Hi Everyone,
Due to the increasing number of account applications for Rietumu I want to make sure the applications can be submitted as smoothly as possible.
There are a couple of consistent issues with the forms that you send me to check so I want to start by making clear the relationship we have (Formations House) with Rietumu.
Rietumu do not offer distant bank account opening. They want to meet the customer and carry out their identity checks. However, as a partner of theirs and as we have various UK authorisations and an MLR, they allow us to meet the customer and perform the ID confirmation check. We are essentially signing each application to state that we met the customer and they filled the form with us.
IMPORTANT:
Where this can cause us issues and potentially take away our ability to forward applications to Rietumu (which in turn affects all of our abilities to sell) is when the customer has no way to prove they could have come to our UK office, so if the customer is a resident of a country that needs a visa for the UK, and does not have a valid visa at the date the forms are signed, the order can not be taken and it has to be done through FBME instead.
Now, I want to help everyone to submit these forms and get the accounts opened for our customers, but with the growing number and the constant problems I want to quickly run through some basics I need all of you to follow before you give me any application to check and send.
1.I have attached a questionnaire. Please send this document to the customer and ask them to answer this questions. The answers will help you and the customer to complete the form.
If enough details are in questionnaire,  Rietumu will fill the application on our behalf to save the time.
If the form is not sufficiently filled, please see points 2 and 3.
2.Only the new form should be used!!! Please find attached the form along with an example of how to fill it in. the form is also available online to fill, then save as pdf (if you have the writing software) or print as a pdf doc.
http://www.rietumu.lv/documents/english/partners/corporate.pdf
3. do not ask the customer to sign the form until I have seen the fully completed form, and the questionnaire. I may want changes, or I might say go ahead and ask the customer to print out the forms and sign them. Then they need to post them back us, they can scan and email also which is useful but we absolutely must have the final signed paperwork in ours hands and the signatures on these have to be in proper ink (not copy and pasted on before printing)
Doing it this way saves everyone time, and as we all rely on sales as well as supporting our customers I know you will all appreciate why I know must ask you to do this with every application.
The following documents have to be given with the application. Many of these I will have already in the UK office but if I don’t then I will tell you.
The directors ID documents are the standard ones we need for any application but to be sure I have once more detailed them.
Documents required for legal entities:
1.
Original company incorporation documents, including e.g. Incorporation Certificate, Articles of Association, Bylaws etc.
2.
Documents, confirming the authority to open and manage company accounts e.g. a Power of Attorney, Extract from the Enterprise Register, Resolution, Minutes etc. (Partnership agreement and resolution for LLP)
3.
ID documents: a valid passport or National ID card. (Please note: we need to verify the identity of ALL individuals. If the customer is not based in the UK and can’t visit our offices, he will need to provide a certified copy of his ID)
4.
residents of the countries with which UK maintains a visa regime require to present a travel document with entry stamp.
5.
Proof of address
6.
Documents, confirming the beneficial ownership. (Share certificates or Trust deed)
7.
For companies incorporated more than a year ago: Certificate of Good Standing, certified by the Apostille.
8.
CV
9.
Apostilled set of corporate documents for companies registered in Seychelles, BVI
I am often asked to provide the banking fees, please can everyone add this link to their favourites.
http://www.rietumu.com/fees
I’m here to help as much as possible but if you can follow the above then I think the applications will flow more smoothly.
Thanks guys and have a nice weekend
Alisa
Alisa Varushenyeva
| Account manager
Formations House
|
29 Harley Street
London W1G 9QR
Telephone:   +(44)2076373883
Russian ext.: +(44)2072555833