Date: Fri, 25 Jul 2014 20:42:39 +0500
Subject: FW: Want to place the order
From: "Felix Almeida" <felix@formationshouse.com>
To: "Steve Smith \(Formations House\)" <steve@formationshouse.com>



-----Original Message-----
From: Kams kolkata [mailto:kamsconsultancy@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 25, 2014 8:08 PM
To: felix@formationshouse.com
Subject: Want to place the order

Hi,

As we discussed earlier and received a mail from steve,

We want the services below :


We are offering Global Merchant Starter Pack in Gambia for 495 GBP. The cost of the package includes:

 

- Gambia Company Formation (IBC)

- Offshore Bank Account

- Offshore Merchant Processing

- Offshore Hosting

 

 

GAMBIA COMPANY FORMATION (IBC)

 

Gambia Company Formation (IBC) takes maximum 24 hours to process.

 

 

OFFSHORE BANK ACCOUNT

 

We can have offshore bank accounts for our customers without any need for them to personally attend the bank procedure.
            
Once the account is opened, you will be provided with the account number and Cheque book, after which you can apply for Credit card, Debit card, ATM and/or internet banking services. Bank account can be opened in the following currencies:

Euros 
Pound Sterling 
US Dollars 


Please find listed below the relevant information for signatory/s, we will need from you for business bank account with offshore bank:


- Color scan copy of passport size photograph.
- Color Scan Copy of passport (must be Valid)
- Color Scan copy of Address proof dated within 3 months (Utility bill or bank statement). If it is not in English then you must also provide us a professional Translated copy. It must not be Notarized
- Copy of Personal Reference Letter (original).

Please note that the documents must not be Certified.


If the required documents are not in English, you will need to have these translated and then sent to Formations House. If unable to provide one of the above mentioned proofs, you can also use a letter from your bank or a solicitor, or a council tax bill (UK residents only).



This service takes 2 - 3 weeks to complete.


 

 

OFFSHORE MERCHANT PROCESSING AND HOSTING

 

We can certainly assist you with our Merchant Processing Service (Infini Shop). The renewal of this service cost 450 GBP for every subsequent year. The time required to setup the service for your company is 2-3 weeks. 


Infini Shop provides you with a complete e-commerce website solution, which includes the following components:

- Graphics 
- Hosting 
- Merchant processing and collection services 
- Accounting


Infini Shops offers complete assistance in building your website, provides comprehensive back-end merchandising software (InfiniAccounts Pro-Web), web space for hosting your website and the setting up of an online payment processing service.



Per Transaction fee is US$0.10. Per Chargeback fee is US$15. Chargeback reserve: 1% amount of each payment is held for 90 days. Funds clearance will be done within 7 working days.

 

You can order and view further details of the package on the following link:

http://www.formationshouse.com/offshore_merchant_account.htm

 

If you require further information or assistance you can contact me at info@formationshouse.com or steve@formationshouse.com or 0044-(0)207-016-2727 Monday to Friday 12pm to 9pm GMT.

 

Regards

 

Steve Smith

FORMATIONS HOUSE




Please reply me asap. 


Regards,


Rajib Mondol

