Date: Thu, 02 Oct 2014 15:19:28 +0200
Subject: Euro-pacific bank
From: David Vlasov <david@inforbis.net>
To: "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <steve@formationshouse.com>
CC: daniel@inforbis.net, caroline@inforbis.net

Hi Steve

My partners and I want to proceed with opening a bank account at 
Euro-Pacific Bank. Since the total fees for this service are quite 
significant, we'd like to ask a few more questions.

One of the requirements was that we have CVs ready. How comprehensive 
must this CV be? What does the bank need our CVs for? How many years 
prior to today should the CV account for, if not full history/lifelong 
CV? We'd like to know in order to complete the best possible version.

When it is time for the skype interview with the Euro-Pacific bank, will 
you prepare us for it? What kind of questions should we expect?

What is your total track record of successful applications at 
Euro-Pacific bank? What is your track record of successful applications 
for citizens of South Africa at Euro-Pacific bank?

Please reply to all cc'd addresses, those are my partners. Thank you.

__

*Best Regards
David Vlasov | Managing Director

inforbislogo
INFORBIS LTD
Company reg. 9191914
Tel: [UK] +44 (0) 560 364 5132 press 3
Email: david@inforbis.net <mailto:david@inforbis.net>
Web: www.inforbis.net <http://www.inforbis.net>*

Disclosure:
This email is confidential and intended solely for the recipient to whom 
it is addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, be advised that 
you have received this email in error and that any use, dissemination, 
forwarding, printing, or copying of this email is strictly prohibited. 
If received this email in error please notify Inforbis Limited by email, 
fax or telephone. This email cannot be considered Spam as long as we 
include contact information and removal instructions. If you do not want 
to receive these emails, please revert to this message requesting to be 
removed from our database. We apologize for the inconvenience. Inforbis 
Limited is not held responsible for loss or damage due to content of 
this email.

*Inforbis Limited* is committed to business practices that are strictly 
environmentally sustainable. We give dedicated preference to renewable 
resources. Our business model promotes recycling since it uses 
re-marketing for sustainable alternatives to irresponsible consumerism.

_ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION IS GREEN \u2013 THINK BEFORE YOU INK_

Hi Steve
My partners and I want to proceed with opening a bank account at
      Euro-Pacific Bank. Since the total fees for this service are quite
      significant, we'd like to ask a few more questions.
One of the requirements was that we have CVs ready. How
      comprehensive must this CV be? What does the bank need our CVs
      for? How many years prior to today should the CV account for, if
      not full history/lifelong CV? We'd like to know in order to
      complete the best possible version.
When it is time for the skype interview with the Euro-Pacific
      bank, will you prepare us for it? What kind of questions should we
      expect?
What is your total track record of successful applications at
      Euro-Pacific bank? What is your track record of successful
      applications for citizens of South Africa at Euro-Pacific bank?
Please reply to all cc'd addresses, those are my partners. Thank
      you.
Best Regards
David Vlasov | Managing Director
INFORBIS LTD
Company reg. 9191914
Tel: [UK] +44 (0) 560 364 5132 press 3
Email:
david@inforbis.net
Web:
www.inforbis.net
Disclosure:
This email is confidential and
            intended solely for the recipient to whom it is addressed.
            If you are not the intended recipient, be advised that you
            have received this email in error and that any use,
            dissemination, forwarding, printing, or copying of this
            email is strictly prohibited. If received this email in
            error please notify Inforbis Limited by email, fax or
            telephone. This email cannot be considered Spam as long as
            we include contact information and removal instructions. If
            you do not want to receive these emails, please revert to
            this message requesting to be removed from our database. We
            apologize for the inconvenience. Inforbis Limited is not
            held responsible for loss or damage due to content of this
            email.
Inforbis
              Limited
is committed to business practices that are
            strictly environmentally sustainable. We give dedicated
            preference to renewable resources. Our business model
            promotes recycling since it uses re-marketing for
            sustainable alternatives to irresponsible consumerism.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION IS
              GREEN \u2013 THINK BEFORE YOU INK