Date: Thu, 4 Dec 2014 09:51:50 +0000
Subject: Fwd: A reminder to file your companys annual return
From: Phil Dobson <phil.dobson99@gmail.com>
To: "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Hi Steve just to let you know we are striking this company off and no
longer need it, so will not need these services..

Best regards
Phil

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: <support@formationshouse.com>
Date: 4 December 2014 at 08:10
Subject: A reminder to file your companys annual return
To: phil.dobson99@gmail.com


Dear Customer,

We wish to remind you of the due date(s) for filing of the Annual Return(s)
for:


DIRECT PLUS LTD        Dec 04, 2014

It is a mandatory requirement for a company to file its Annual Return with
Companies House. An Annual Return is a snapshot of general information
about a company's Director(s) and Secretary, registered office address,
shareholders and share capital. If the Annual Returns are filed late, or
not at all, the Company and its Director(s) and Secretary are liable for
prosecution.

To help you in quick and efficient Annual Return (and other relevant)
filing(s), Formations House offers an Online Company Administrator service.
Online Company Administrator can help you file your Annual Return for your
company within minutes. Subscribers to the Online Company Administrator can
simply go to the Formation House website www.formationshouse.com and log on
to the Online Company Administrator to file Annual Return for their
company. To subscribe to the Online Company Administrator, please log on to
your account at the Formations House website and click on the Upgrade
button next to the Online Company Administrator option.

If you have any further queries, please contact our support department at:
support@formationshouse.com

Sincerely,

Customer Support
Hi Steve just to let you know we are striking this company off and no longer need it, so will not need these services..
Best regards
Phil
---------- Forwarded message ----------
From:
<
support@formationshouse.com
>
Date: 4 December 2014 at 08:10
Subject: A reminder to file your companys annual return
To:
phil.dobson99@gmail.com
Dear Customer,
We wish to remind you of the due date(s) for filing of the Annual Return(s) for:
DIRECT PLUS LTD        Dec 04, 2014
It is a mandatory requirement for a company to file its Annual Return with Companies House. An Annual Return is a snapshot of general information about a company's Director(s) and Secretary, registered office address, shareholders and share capital. If the Annual Returns are filed late, or not at all, the Company and its Director(s) and Secretary are liable for prosecution.
To help you in quick and efficient Annual Return (and other relevant) filing(s), Formations House offers an Online Company Administrator service. Online Company Administrator can help you file your Annual Return for your company within minutes. Subscribers to the Online Company Administrator can simply go to the Formation House website
www.formationshouse.com
and log on to the Online Company Administrator to file Annual Return for their company. To subscribe to the Online Company Administrator, please log on to your account at the Formations House website and click on the Upgrade button next to the Online Company Administrator option.
If you have any further queries, please contact our support department at:
support@formationshouse.com
Sincerely,
Customer Support