Date: Wed, 3 Sep 2014 14:42:04 +0000
Subject: eOffice London eNews - September 2014
From: eOffice eNews <eofficelondon@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut2.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=147179&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut2.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut2.co.uk/l/srLLkD-2wr25ulCCv77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
SEPTEMBER 2014
WE WOULD LOVE TO KNOW WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT EOFFICE
At eOffice it is our utmost priority to offer the best customer service experience, state-of-the-art office environment, and access to other great venues and services worldwide.
We value your opinion and we would love to hear about your positive experience with us, and your impressions of eOffice and our team.
We are offering a
£50 voucher
to everyone who submits a review. To claim your free voucher please submit your review on Trust Pilot and email us at eo@eoffice.net with the address to send your voucher to.
To submit your review please
click here
or visit
https://www.trustpilot.co.uk/review/eoffice.net
TECHITALIA LONDON MEETUP
DATE: Wed 21st Sep
TIME: 6pm Onwards
LOCATION: eOffice Fitzrovia, 5th Floor, 43 Whitfield Street, W1T
TechItalia London Meetup are informal gatherings on the last Wednesday of each month. It is open to Italian professionals, entrepreneurs, startups, SMEs in tech/media businesses, based in London, and/or working with Italy in similar sectors. Every Wednesday up to 10 professionals will be able to pitch/present/introduce their activity to the audience, on 5 minute slots. This will be followed by networking/drinks, every month in a different venue in Central London. Relaxed atmosphere, informative topics and a good opportunity to network.
For more information on the event or to register your attendance please
click here.
APERO ENTREPRENEURS - IMAKR
Date: Thur 11 Sep
Time: 6pm - 10pm
Location: iMakr Store, 79 Clerkenwell Road, EC1R 5AR
This months event will be held at the iMakr store. iMakr is the largest independent 3D printing store in the world. Spread over two floors, the store sells best in class 3D printers, 3D printing supplies and accessories, as well as a range of 3D printed objects from both internal and external designers. iMakr strives 
to facilitate the proliferation of this incredible technology, by providing free 3D printing training and support to any and all.
A pitch session will take place during the event in which there are 2 spots left so it is up to you to take the opportunity to pitch your project in front of like-minded entrepreneurs, get feedback, make business or find a business partner.
eOffice have become the first sponsor of Apero Entrepreneurs and are pleased to offer all members of the Apéro Entrepreneurs on Meetup £300 worth of vouchers, which can be used toward meeting rooms, hot desking and office space.
Please note that it is mandatory to register ahead of the event, as places are limited. A contribution of £5 is required to cover the cost of drinks and nibbles.
For more information or to register please
click here
.
TUBENAV LAUNCH
Tubenav is the revolutionary new web application that takes the Iconic London Underground Map and allows users to search, discover and navigate to places, events and local businesses quickly and interactively by pin pointing its location on the Map. With Tubenav, users can now discover and explore the city of London all in just one view!
Tubenav provides a simpler and quicker means of finding locations than searching on Google, discovering a new place on Time Out magazine and then figuring out how to get there using Citymapper, Google maps and the Tube map. It takes these steps and combines it all in 2 clicks. Tubenav also curates a list of top recommended places and events allowing users to discover new options based on key categories, tag words, friend’s favourites and recommendation using social media.
Simply search for names of places, browse or use key words such as Cocktails, Drinks, Cinema Dates, Vegetarian, Burgers, Steak and even “World Cup” to view a list of our top recommended and popular venues. We have taken the world’s most iconic map and made the experience better!
To see it for yourself
click here
or visit: http://tubenav.com/
MEETING ROOMS
HOT DESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that some of the latest partners we have in our network include Mexico, Vietnam, Russia, Colombia and Canada.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here