Date: Mon, 2 Jun 2014 17:02:07 +0000
Subject: eOffice London eNews - Jun 2014
From: eOffice eNews <eofficelondon@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Hi Pier,

For my reference only,

Thank you,
Amie




This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://sut2.co.uk/l/srLLeDK2wr25unKLv77mwyXDsLCgsKI.



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
JUNE 2014
EOFFICE COFFEE
MORNING
DATE: Wednesday 4th June
TIME: 10:30 am
LOCATION: 5th Floor Breakout Area, eOffice, 20 Broadwick Street, W1F 8HT
Exclusively for members of eOffice, we will be hosting an eOffice Coffee Morning complete with Refreshments, Fresh Fruit, and Croissants. Please join us at the breakout area from 11am onwards and take the opportunity to network with other members of eOffice based within the building.
THE EUROPA AWARDS AND GATHERING
DATE: Tuesday 10th June
TIME: 10am - 11pm
LOCATION: Old Billingsgate, 16 Lower Thames St #1, EC3R 6DX
Founded by Mike Butcher in 2009, The Europas are the premier awards for Europe's hottest tech startups. While the awards concentrates on the newest companies on the scene, it also brings together the mid and late stage technology startups, as well as leading investors and media in the EMEA region. It's a genuine, editorially-driven, independent awards, judged by peers from the startup and investor community.
This years event will consist of a daytime event, The Gathering, an evening event ceremony and party, and a VIP dinner and after-party. eOffice founder Pier Paolo Mucelli will be in attendance to the daytime event. Plus, all eOffice members can enjoy an
exclusive 10% discount
on tickets; simply enter promotional code
"EOFFICE"
when purchasing your tickets.
For more information and to book tickets please
click here
or visit:
https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-europas-awards-and-gathering-tickets-11401956559
ENETWORK PARTNER CONFERENCE
DATE: Thursday 26th & Friday 27th June
TIME: Daily from 9am to Late
LOCATION: London Various
This two-day conference will bring together various eOffice partners from around the world for a series of workshops, presentations, and visits to London's top flexible workspaces.
The conference will be covering a wide range of workplace topics from office trends to serendipity. There will also be workplace tours of innovative and historical workplaces throughout the city including: Google Campus, Mozilla Spaces, The British Library, Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA), Dolby Stereo, and eOffice Headquarters in Soho.
Guest speakers include:
Pier Paolo Mucelli (Founder of eOffice), Marie Puybaraud (Director of Global Workplace Innovation),Annette Reizburg (President of the Board of Global Workspace Association), Carlos Goncalves (CEO of Avila Business Center), Philip Ross (Founder of Unwired), Michael Davies (Partner of Cushman & Wakefield),  Koen Bastleer (Owner of Officenter), Mark Catchlove (Director of HermanMiller), Philip Tidd (Head of Consulting at Gensler), Rui Lopes (Founder of Office App), Kia Rahmani (CEO of Shareddesk.net), Peter Gradwell (Managing Director 
of Gradwell), Sascha Kellert (CEO of eZeep), Gary Turner (Managing Direcor of Xero), Ilkka Kakko (Serendipitor from Karostech Ltd) and Scott Shand(Channel Manager of Meraki-Cisco).
ENTER THE FIRST TUESDAY AWARD & HOW TO RAISE VENTURE CAPITAL
DATE: Tuesday 17th June
TIME: 1:30 pm - 2:30 pm
LOCATION: Internet World > The Marketplace Theatre, ExCel Centre, 1 Western Gateway, E16 1XL
This Once a year, First Tuesday name the UK's Most Promising Internet Powered Company at a final at the Internet World trade show attended by 11,000 industry professionals. Previous winners and finalists include once tiny companies like Zoopla, Wonga and YPlan when they were making their way up.
All nominees will benefit from exposure to eight of the most influential investors in the country and the high profile jury, as a bonus the winner will also be offered 6 hours of consultation from Deloitte with a choice of industry specialists from across all their service areas including: Tax, Audit, Corporate Finance and Consulting
It's free to enter, application takes less than 15 minutes, and your details are completely confidential
Deadline: Thursday 5th June 2014, 6.00pm.
1) Nominate your company by completing
this form
2) Register to attend the final and talk on 'How To Raise Venture Capital' on
http://firsttuesday.org.uk/
TUSCANY VILLAS & APARTMENTS
All Villas and Apartments at Tuscanyvillasandapartments.com have been specially selected for their character and features. Heated swimming pools and communal gardens will give you the opportunity to relax and take in your surroundings after a busy day exploring the area.
In addition, all Tuscan villas and apartments come with a top quality onsite
Management Service
to cater for your every need. In accordance with the Realitalia vision, someone will always be available to ensure that your holiday in Tuscany is a real success.
eOffice members can enjoy an
exclusive 20% discount
on all bookings paid before June 30, 2014. Simply enter coupon code
"eoffice_friend"
during the checkout process of the online letting system to redeem.
For more information or to make a booking please visit http://tuscanyvillasandapartments.com
MEETING ROOMS
HOT DESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
This month we are offering a
20% discount
off our packages for new London hotdesk clients.*
To make a purchase or for more information please either call or email the team who will be happy to asist
Offer expires 30 Jun, 2014. For new hotdesk clients only.
Existing eOffice clients who have not used Hotdesking previously can also take advantage of this discount.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in 160 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Mexico, Vietnam, Russia, Colombia and Canada.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here