Date: Thu, 3 Apr 2014 18:40:56 +0500
Subject: New Sales Strategy
From: "Rizwan" <rizwan@formationshouse.com>
To: <sarah@formationshouse.com>,
	<steve@formationshouse.com>,
	<delphine@formationshouse.com>,
	<felix@formationshouse.com>,
	<alisa@formationshouse.com>
CC: <qamar@formationshouse.com>,
	"'Charlotte Pawar'" <cpqueries@accountscentre.com>,
	"Oliver" <oliver@formationshouse.com>

Dear Team Members,

 

With the new commission and team changes in effect, I would like to embark
upon a simple work strategy 

to see if we can bring about an immediate increase in sales.

 

The strategy is simple and is easily achievable. I want everyone to follow
this strategy, even if we don't get 

immediate results as hoped for I do feel that it will generate more
consistent long term business.

 

It includes following points 

 

.        All team members must send 10 e-mails daily to their existing
customers/ resellers and pitch 

them various products and services each time, using known information about
their 

customers/ plans/ business.

You can start from your existing customers e-mails on help desk.

 

.        All team members needs to send 5 e-mails daily to register new
resellers, you can search new 

targets through Google and/or other means.

 

.        All incoming e-mail should be answer promptly and daily (unless
there is a reason behind), this 

includes post sale follow up enquiries as the more we communicate with a
customer the more we 

will know what and when to sell them something.

 

You need to make a weekly report (in excel sheet) regarding the updates and
submit on Friday.

 

You can start this new campaign from 7th April 2014.

 

This is a simple strategy designed to give both Account Management and
Business Development focus throughout the day. 

 

Please remember sales is a numbers game - the more people you contact, the
more opportunity to sell, the more opportunities 

to sell, the more likely you will close some sales. Keep a large pipeline of
opportunities and then you will have a greater chance 

of closed sales. 

 

Best regards

 

Rizwan Ahmed

Sales Manager

Dear Team Members,
With the new commission and team changes in effect, I would like to embark upon a simple work strategy
to see if we can bring about an immediate increase in sales.
The strategy is simple and is easily achievable. I want everyone to follow this strategy, even if we don’t get
immediate results as hoped for I do feel that it will generate more consistent long term business.
It includes following points
·
All team members must send 10 e-mails daily to their existing customers/ resellers and pitch
them various products and services each time, using known information about their
customers/ plans/ business.
You can start from your existing customers e-mails on help desk.
·
All team members needs to send 5 e-mails daily to register new resellers, you can search new
targets through Google and/or other means.
·
All incoming e-mail should be answer promptly and daily (unless there is a reason behind), this
includes post sale follow up enquiries as the more we communicate with a customer the more we
will know what and when to sell them something.
You need to make a weekly report (in excel sheet) regarding the updates and submit on Friday.
You can start this new campaign from 7
th
April 2014.
This is a simple strategy designed to give both Account Management and Business Development focus throughout the day.
Please remember sales is a numbers game – the more people you contact, the more opportunity to sell, the more opportunities
to sell, the more likely you will close some sales. Keep a large pipeline of opportunities and then you will have a greater chance
of closed sales.
Best regards
Rizwan Ahmed
Sales Manager