Date: Fri, 11 Apr 2014 18:22:07 +0100
Subject: FW: Remys Distribution LLP
From: Charlotte Pawar <cp@accountscentre.net>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>



-----Original Message-----
From: "Saeed Rafique" <Saeed@thebagnallgroup.com>
Sent: ‎10/‎04/‎2014 17:10
To: "Charlotte Pawar (cp@accountscentre.net)" <cp@accountscentre.net>
Subject: Remys Distribution LLP

Hi Charlotte
 
Can you e-mail me a copy of the certificate of incorporation for the above company please.
The bank should now be set up so is it possible to apply for the VAT number as soon as possible.
 
Thanks
 
Kind Regards
 

 
Direct Tel:  +44 (0)115 924 8159
Cell:            +44 (0)787 245 5928
Web: www.thebagnallgroup.com
 
Registered Office: THE BAGNALL GROUP , 51 Basford Road, Nottingham, NG6 0JG.
 
Company Registered in England no. 07639235
 
This message (and any associated files) is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is confidential, subject to copyright or constitutes a trade secret. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, copying or distribution of this message, or files associated with this message, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your computer. Messages sent to and from us may be monitored. 
 
Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. Therefore, we do not accept responsibility for any errors or omissions that are present in this message, or any attachment, that have arisen as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required, please request a hard-copy version. Any views or opinions presented are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
 From:
Saeed Rafique
Sent:
‎10/‎04/‎2014 17:10
To:
Charlotte Pawar (cp@accountscentre.net)
Subject:
Remys Distribution LLP
Hi Charlotte
Can you e-mail me a copy of the certificate of incorporation for the above company please.
The bank should now be set up so is it possible to apply for the VAT number as soon as possible.
Thanks
Kind Regards
Direct Tel:  +44 (0)115 924 8159
Cell:
+
44 (0)787 245 5928
Web:
www.thebagnallgroup.com
Registered Office:
THE BAGNALL GROUP
,
51 Basford Road, Nottingham, NG6 0JG.
Company Registered in England no.
07639235
This message (and any associated files) is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is confidential, subject to copyright or constitutes a trade secret. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, copying or distribution of this message, or files associated with this message, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your computer. Messages sent to and from us may be monitored.
Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. Therefore, we do not accept responsibility for any errors or omissions that are present in this message, or any attachment, that have arisen as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required, please request a hard-copy version. Any views or opinions presented are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.