Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 14:52:30 +0000
Subject: Incorporation of a Company in Ireland - AGENT ENQUIRY
From: Andrew Lambe <andrew@companybureau.ie>
To: "steve@formationshouse.com" <steve@formationshouse.com>


Dear Steve,

Good to talk to you today and many thanks for your enquiry with Company Bureau www.companyformations.ie<http://www.companyformations.ie> Ireland's leading Company Formation and Corporate Service Provider. Company Bureau is the preferred choice for Ireland's Accounting and Legal profession, as well as international company registration and fiduciary companies who offer Irish Companies to their clients.

As well as the low Corporate Tax rate of 12.5% (0% for some companies until 2017), there are many other benefits of doing business in Ireland. For example, Ireland's holding company regime is world renowned, as is our tax structure and ease of doing business (Ranked as the best country in the world to do business by Forbes for 2014)

Company Bureau can assist you with all aspects of registering an Irish Company, and have a Company set up for you in the quickest possible timeframe. We are renowned experts in Ireland for the last 17 years in Company Formation, Company Secretarial and Corporate Services.

Please find attached the following documents including our brochure, which includes valuable information on setting up a company in Ireland for your client:


- Company Formation Order Form
- Fee Schedule for Overseas Professional Advisors
- Tax guide on Ireland published by the IDA


When you be ready to proceed, just complete the 'company formation order form' and e-mail straight back to me. Once we have the order form we will draft the legal documents, e-mail to for signature and have the company incorporated within 2-3 working days from receipt of payment and signed legal documents.

As a professional advisor, we offer you discounted fees on many of our services, for example, the incorporation fee is from EUR239.00.

I would also highly recommend our combined Annual Company Secretarial, Compliance and Provision of Registered Office Service, which is only EUR695.00 + VAT per annum. This package takes care of Companies Office Annual Returns, updating and maintenance of the 7 statutory registers, 3 hours company secretary time and board minutes. We also monitor your company on the CORE system (protects against company fraud). As part of this package we will also act as the Corporate Company Secretary to the company.

When an Irish Company does not have at least one EEA-Resident Director, It must take out a Section 43 Revenue Bond which acts as a surety (type of insurance) for the sum of EUR25,395 to cover non-filing of accounts, etc. The premium is EUR1957.50 and covers a period of two years. We can arrange a Nominee Irish Resident Director if you wish, depending on your requirements (Price on an application basis)

Due to the excellent relationship we have with Ireland's largest banks, we can provide company bank account opening for all our clients in the quickest possible timeframe. This can be done remotely for some clients. Our discounted fee is only EUR395 and includes the set up of internet banking.

Company Bureau can also assist with following corporate services:



*         VAT Registration and Corporation Tax Registration

*         Accounting & Bookkeeping Services

*         Tax Consulting

*         Domain Name Registration and Web Design

*         Provision of Company Bank Account (includes internet banking and fee free banking available for up to 2 years)

*         Virtual Office and Serviced Office Services

*         Provision of Irish-Resident Nominee Director/s


Please advise if you are also interested in any of the above services, and I can send you a revised quotation to include all the services you require.

If you have any questions please don't hesitate to contact me on +353 1 6461625 or e-mail Andrew@companybureau.ie<mailto:Andrew@companybureau.ie>

More information is also available on Ireland's No. 1 company formations website www.companyformations.ie<http://www.companyformations.ie>

I look forward to hearing from you in due course.

Best regards,

Andrew Lambe
Commercial Director
 [Description: Description: Description: logoarrownew2]
COMPANY BUREAU FORMATIONS LIMITED
THE BLACK CHURCH
ST. MARY'S PLACE
DUBLIN 7
IRELAND

PHONE: +353 1 6461625 FAX: +353 1 4430646

COMPANY BUREAU are renowned experts in company formation, company secretarial and compliance services. For more information, or to order a limited company on-line please see our website www.companyformations.ie<http://www.companyformations.ie/>

[Description: Description: Description: cid:image002.png@01CBB238.CFA9B730]<skype:companyformationsireland?call>

[Description: Description: Description: btn_viewmy_160x25]<http://ie.linkedin.com/in/andrewlambe>

[Description: Description: Description: Biz_facebook_banner]<http://www.facebook.com/companybureau>

Company Bureau Formations Limited are registered in Ireland - Private Limited Company Number 265344. Registered Office - The Black Church, St. Mary's Place, Dublin 7, Ireland. Company Bureau Formations Limited is authorised to carry on business as a Trust and Company Service Provider (TSCP) by the Department of Justice and Law Reform of Ireland

NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER:
This email (including attachments) is confidential. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this email from your system without copying or disseminating it or placing any reliance upon its contents. We cannot accept liability for any breaches of confidence arising through use of email. Any opinions expressed in this email (including attachments) are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect our opinions. We will not accept responsibility for any commitments made by our employees outside the scope of our business. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of such information.
Dear Steve
,
Good to talk to you today and many thanks for your enquiry with
Company Bureau
www.companyformations.ie
Ireland’s leading Company Formation and Corporate Service Provider
. Company Bureau
is the preferred choice for Ireland’s Accounting and Legal profession, as well as international company registration and fiduciary companies who offer Irish Companies to their clients.
As well as the low Corporate Tax rate of 12.5% (0% for some companies until 2017), there are many other benefits of doing business in Ireland. For example,
Ireland’s holding company regime is world renowned, as is our tax structure and ease of doing business (Ranked as the best country in the world to do business by Forbes for 2014)
Company Bureau
can assist you with all aspects of registering an Irish Company, and have
 a Company set up for you in the quickest possible timeframe. We are renowned experts in Ireland for the last 17 years in Company Formation, Company Secretarial and Corporate Services.
Please find attached the following documents including our brochure, which includes valuable information on setting up a company in Ireland for your client:
- Company Formation Order Form
- Fee Schedule for Overseas Professional Advisors
- Tax guide on Ireland published by the IDA
When you be ready to proceed, just complete the ‘company formation order form’ and e-mail straight back to me. Once we have the order form we will draft the legal documents, e-mail to for signature
 and have the
company incorporated within 2-3 working days
from receipt of payment and signed legal documents.
As a professional advisor, we offer you discounted fees on many of our services, for example, the incorporation fee is from EUR239.00.
I would also highly recommend our combined
Annual Company Secretarial, Compliance and Provision of Registered Office Service
, which is only
EUR695.00
+ VAT per annum. This package takes care of Companies Office Annual Returns, updating and maintenance of the 7 statutory registers, 3 hours company secretary time and board minutes. We also monitor your company on the CORE system (protects against company
 fraud). As part of this package we will also act as the Corporate Company Secretary to the company.
When an Irish Company does not have at least one EEA-Resident Director, It must take out a
Section 43 Revenue Bond
which acts as a surety (type of insurance) for the sum of EUR25,395 to cover non-filing of accounts, etc. The premium is
EUR1957.50
and covers a period of two years. We can arrange a Nominee Irish Resident Director if you wish, depending on your requirements (Price on an application basis)
Due to the excellent relationship we have with Ireland’s largest banks, we can provide
company bank account opening
for all our clients in the quickest possible timeframe. This can be done remotely for some clients. Our discounted fee is only
EUR395
and includes the set up of internet banking.
Company Bureau
can also assist with following corporate services:
·
VAT Registration and Corporation Tax Registration
·
Accounting & Bookkeeping Services
·
Tax Consulting
·
Domain Name Registration and Web Design
·
Provision of Company Bank Account (includes internet banking and fee free banking available for up to 2 years)
·
Virtual Office and Serviced Office Services
·
Provision of Irish-Resident Nominee Director/s
Please advise if you are also interested in any of the above services, and I can send you a revised quotation to include all the services you require.
If you have any questions please don’t hesitate to contact me on +353 1 6461625 or e-mail
Andrew@companybureau.ie
More information is also available on Ireland’s No. 1 company formations website
www.companyformations.ie
I look forward to hearing from you in due course.
Best regards,
Andrew Lambe
Commercial Director
COMPANY BUREAU FORMATIONS LIMITED
THE BLACK CHURCH
ST. MARY’S PLACE
DUBLIN 7
IRELAND
PHONE: +353 1 6461625 FAX: +353 1 4430646
COMPANY BUREAU
are renowned experts in company formation, company secretarial and compliance services. For more information, or to order
 a limited company on-line please see our website
www.companyformations.ie
Company Bureau Formations Limited are registered in Ireland – Private Limited Company Number 265344. Registered Office – The Black Church, St. Mary’s Place, Dublin 7, Ireland. Company Bureau Formations
 Limited is authorised to carry on business as a Trust and Company Service Provider (TSCP) by the Department of Justice and Law Reform of Ireland
NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER:
This email (including attachments) is confidential. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this email from your system without copying or disseminating it or placing any reliance upon its contents. We
 cannot accept liability for any breaches of confidence arising through use of email. Any opinions expressed in this email (including attachments) are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect our opinions. We will not accept responsibility for any
 commitments made by our employees outside the scope of our business. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of such information.