Date: Thu, 27 Feb 2014 17:31:31 +0200
Subject: Re: Mail Forwarding 12 months
From: BridgeWest <office@bridgewest.eu>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Dear Steve,

Thank you for contacting BridgeWest and for your interest in our services.
Please be informed that the virtual office service is provided only in
connection with the company formation package and not as a standalone
service. For reference purposes, please see below details on our company
formation package in Norway:

Our offer for the setup of a limited liability company (Aksjeloven) in
Norway amounts to 3,900 EUR and it includes all services and fees necessary
for the proper setup and functioning of such an entity, namely:

- Reserving the company name
- Drafting and notarizing official company documents (Articles of
Association, Statutes)
- Submission of company documents to the Register of Business Enterprises
- Registering your company with the tax authority
- Notary fees
- D-number applications (obtaining such number is mandatory for the
registration of the entity)
- Legal fees
- Translation costs
- State fees
- Registered office for 1 year in Oslo
- Assistance with share capital bank account opening

The minimum share capital for a Ltd company is 30.000 NOK, which is
approximately 4,000 EUR; the amount of the share capital must be deposited
upon the incorporation of the company.

Incorporation time: approximately 3 weeks from the point we have received
all necessary documents from your part.

NOTE:The incorporation procedure will be conducted through Original
Signature (all necessary documents can be sent via courier).
The Board of Directors must be composed of at least two EU members (one
full member and one deputy member).

Please fill out the attached company incorporation form, so that we can
receive information on the future company.

Following the registration of the company we would be able to assist with
the accounting services as well, by recommending and putting you in contact
with our partners, so that all relevant matters can be sorted out directly.
Likewise, assistance with obtaining any necessary permits can be provided
by our colleagues whom we shall put you in contact with.

Should you require additional information or any clarifications, please do
not hesitate to contact us.

Sincerely,

*Adele Ponce*
*Sales Manager*
*LOCAL OFFICE:* *Oslo*
office@bridgewest.eu
Ph: (0044)203-287 0408
Ph: (00357) 220 302 28
BridgeWest (Cyprus) LTD

*COMPANY FORMATION SPECIALISTS* Main Office:
43 Agiou Panteleimonos,
2037, Nicosia, Cyprus
*EU VAT*: 10294874A
www.BridgeWest.eu <http://www.bridgewest.eu>
--------------------------------------------------
Press Releases <http://www.bridgewest.eu/press> |
Clients<http://www.bridgewest.eu/clients>| About
us <http://www.bridgewest.eu/page/about>
--------------------------------------------------
*Want to meet us?* We have offices in the following cities:
Vienna, Baku, Brussels, Sofia, Zagreb, Nicosia, Prague, Copenhagen,
Tallinn, Helsinki, Paris, Tbilisi, Munich, Athens, Budapest, Dublin, Milan,
Riga, Vilnius, Luxembourg, Skopje, Valletta, Chisinau, Amsterdam, Oslo,
Warsaw, Lisbon, Bucharest, Moscow, Belgrade, Bratislava, Madrid, Stockholm,
Zurich, Istanbul


On Wed, Feb 26, 2014 at 4:16 PM, Steve Smith <office@bridgewest.eu> wrote:

>  *Steve Smith*
>
> Email : steve@formationshouse.com
>
> Message : Hi We need a virtual office mail forwarding address in Oslo
> Norway for a UK company. What are the terms and conditions, price and
> requirements. Thank you
>
Dear Steve,
Thank you for contacting BridgeWest and for your interest in our services. Please be informed that the virtual office service is provided only in connection with the company formation package and not as a standalone service. For reference purposes, please see below details on our company formation package in Norway:
Our offer for the setup of a limited liability company (Aksjeloven) in Norway amounts to 3,900 EUR and it includes all services and fees necessary for the proper setup and functioning of such an entity, namely:
- Reserving the company name
- Drafting and notarizing official company documents (Articles of Association, Statutes)
- Submission of company documents to the Register of Business Enterprises
- Registering your company with the tax authority
- Notary fees
- D-number applications (obtaining such number is mandatory for the registration of the entity)
- Legal fees
- Translation costs
- State fees
- Registered office for 1 year in Oslo
- Assistance with share capital bank account opening
The minimum share capital for a Ltd company is 30.000 NOK, which is approximately 4,000 EUR; the amount of the share capital must be deposited upon the incorporation of the company.
Incorporation time: approximately 3 weeks from the point we have received all necessary documents from your part.
NOTE:The incorporation procedure will be conducted through Original Signature (all necessary documents can be sent via courier).
The Board of Directors must be composed of at least two EU members (one full member and one deputy member).
Please fill out the attached company incorporation form, so that we can receive information on the future company.
Following the registration of the company we would be able to assist with the accounting services as well, by recommending and putting you in contact with our partners, so that all relevant matters can be sorted out directly. Likewise, assistance with obtaining any necessary permits can be provided by our colleagues whom we shall put you in contact with.
Should you require additional information or any clarifications, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Sincerely,
Adele Ponce
Sales
Manager
LOCAL OFFICE:
Oslo
office@bridgewest.eu
Ph:
(0044)203-287 0408
Ph:
(00357) 220 302 28
BridgeWest (Cyprus) LTD
COMPANY FORMATION SPECIALISTS
Main Office:
43 Agiou Panteleimonos,
2037, Nicosia, Cyprus
EU VAT
: 10294874A
www.BridgeWest.eu
--------------------------------------------------
Press Releases
|
Clients
|
About us
--------------------------------------------------
Want to meet us?
We have offices in the following cities:
Vienna, Baku, Brussels, Sofia, Zagreb, Nicosia, Prague, Copenhagen, Tallinn, Helsinki, Paris, Tbilisi, Munich, Athens, Budapest, Dublin, Milan, Riga, Vilnius, Luxembourg, Skopje, Valletta, Chisinau, Amsterdam, Oslo, Warsaw, Lisbon, Bucharest, Moscow, Belgrade, Bratislava, Madrid, Stockholm, Zurich, Istanbul
On Wed, Feb 26, 2014 at 4:16 PM, Steve Smith
<
office@bridgewest.eu
>
wrote:
Steve Smith
Email :
steve@formationshouse.com
Message : Hi


We need a virtual office mail forwarding address in Oslo Norway for a UK company.


What are the terms and conditions, price and requirements.


Thank you