Date: Tue, 23 Dec 2014 17:21:21 +0500
Subject: FW: Your Barclays Appointment Confirmation
From: "Felix Almeida" <felix@formationshouse.com>
To: "Steve Smith \(Formations House\)" <steve@formationshouse.com>

 

 

From: new.customer@barclays.com [mailto:new.customer@barclays.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, December 23, 2014 5:08 PM
To: felix@formationshouse.com
Subject: Your Barclays Appointment Confirmation

 

barclays.png

   

	

Dear Mr Abraham,

	

We’re delighted that you’re thinking of Barclays to provide your business
banking facilities.

	

The next step is for you to meet a Barclays Business Manager to talk about
your business needs, so we’ve booked an appointment for you to meet Business
Manager as below. 

	

You have an appointment with Miss Natalie Richards, Barclays Business
Manager at Tottenham Court Rd branch, at 10.15 a.m. on Monday 12th January
2015. 

	

By the end of your meeting, you’ll have a clear view on how we can work
together to help you and your business. 

	

What you need to bring to your meeting:


Please bring proof of identity and address and information on your business
structure, as below.

	

Proof of identity:


•         A passport with an MRZ**, full driving licence or EU national
identity card with an MRZ**


•         A recent utility bill (not a mobile phone bill), council tax or
bank statement that is no more than three months old to verify your home
address (printed electronic bills will not be accepted)

	

Sole Traders only:


•          A business letterhead (a word processed one is acceptable) that
clearly states: the name of the business, your name, the words ‘Owner or
Proprietor’ and your business address


•          Attached to this confirmation email is a personal details form.
Please can you complete this form and bring it to your account opening
meeting

	

Partnerships only:


•         A business letterhead (a word processed one is acceptable) that
clearly states: the name of the business, names of all the partners, the
word ‘Partners’  and your business address


•         A copy of any Partnership agreement you have  in place


•         Attached to this confirmation email is a personal details form.
Please can you ensure that both partners complete a separate form and bring
it to your account opening meeting

	

Limited Companies only:


•         Your Certificate of Incorporation


This is the document showing your Registered Number and the date your
company was incorporated


•         Share Certificate(s) or Memorandum and Articles of Association
(M&As)


This is the document confirming how all the shares in your Limited Company
are allocated, showing each shareholder’s details and their full
shareholding.


(Please note: some M&As do not show full details and cannot be used for this
purpose)


•         A board resolution if the company is to have an additional Trading
Name


•         Attached to this confirmation email is a personal details forms.
Please ensure that all officials registered at Companies House complete this
form and 


please bring with you on the day of your meeting.  This includes all silent
directors, secretaries or shareholders that are registered


•         For each individual who has completed a personal details form, we
will be required to identify and verify each individual, in person, with the
relevant documentation.

	

If you require finance we work on a matched funding basis. Supporting
evidence is needed, such as: existing contracts, outstanding invoices,
working business plan and a cash flow forecast.

	

Getting to your meeting


If you need help locating the branch please:

	

visit our branchfinder <http://ask.barclays.co.uk/branchfinder>  

   


Your Barclays Appointment Reference is: 38025166


If you need to rearrange your meeting or have any questions, please call
0800 515 462  *


For information on any of our services, please visit:

	

www.barclays.co.uk/business 

   

	

We look forward to welcoming you in branch soon.

	
	

* Lines are open Monday to Friday, 8am to 8pm. Saturdays 9am to 1pm. Calls
may be recorded for security and training purposes. For BT Business
customers, 0845 calls will cost no more than 4.5p per minute, minimum call
charge 6.0p (current at


October 2012). The price on non-BT phone lines may be different.


** Only Passports and EU National ID Cards with a Machine Readable Zone or
MRZ are acceptable as identification.  The MRZ is either two or three lines
of alpha, numeric and chevrons.

	

Security 


Barclays will not send emails to customers requesting security or
confidential details, such as membership numbers, passcodes or memorable
word information. Further advice can be found on the Security section of the



Personal Banking website.

	

Confidentiality 


This email and any attachments are confidential and intended solely for the
addressee, and may also be privileged or exempt from disclosure under
applicable law. If you are not the addressee, or have received this email in
error, please 


notify the sender immediately, delete it from your system and do not copy,
disclose or otherwise act upon any part of this email or its attachments.
Any opinion or other information in this email or its attachment, that does
not relate to the 


business of the Barclays Group, is personal to the sender and is not given
or endorsed by the Barclays Group. Barclays Bank PLC. Registered in England.
Registered No: 1026167.


Registered Office: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. Barclays Bank PLC is
authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority.

	

Email & Cookies 


† Barclays uses cookies and similar technologies (which we collectively call
cookies) in this email. If you have enabled images, cookies may be set on
your computer or mobile device. 


Cookies will also be set if you click on any link within the email.
Depending upon how your computer and software are configured, these
technologies may operate if we are in your safe sender list or equivalent.


Cookies help us to understand how you interact with our emails, which helps
us to improve our future email communications. You can disable cookies in
your Browser settings and you can prevent some of the other technologies
from 


operating by not enabling images, or by removing Barclays from your safe
sender list. To find out more about cookies and these technologies in
general, please follow the link below.


If your email settings have disabled links in this email, you can paste this
address into your browser without enabling or accepting cookies:
www.barclays.com/emailcookies

	

 



__________ Information from ESET NOD32 Antivirus, version of virus signature
database 10918 (20141223) __________

The message was checked by ESET NOD32 Antivirus.

http://www.eset.com

From:
new.customer@barclays.com [mailto:new.customer@barclays.com]
Sent:
Tuesday, December 23, 2014 5:08 PM
To:
felix@formationshouse.com
Subject:
Your Barclays Appointment Confirmation
Dear Mr Abraham,
We’re delighted that you’re thinking of Barclays to provide your business banking facilities.
The next step is for you to meet a Barclays Business Manager to talk about your business needs, so we’ve booked an appointment for you to meet Business Manager as below.
You have an appointment with Miss Natalie Richards, Barclays Business Manager at Tottenham Court Rd branch, at 10.15 a.m. on Monday 12th January 2015.
By the end of your meeting, you’ll have a clear view on how we can work together to help you and your business.
What you need to bring to your meeting:
Please bring proof of identity and address and information on your business structure, as below.
Proof of identity:
•         A passport with an MRZ**, full driving licence or EU national identity card with an MRZ**
•         A recent utility bill (not a mobile phone bill), council tax or bank statement that is no more than three months old to verify your home address (printed electronic bills will not be accepted)
Sole Traders only:
•          A business letterhead (a word processed one is acceptable) that  clearly states: the name of the business, your name, the words ‘Owner or Proprietor’ and your business address
•          Attached to this confirmation email is a personal details form.  Please can you complete this form and bring it to your account opening meeting
Partnerships only:
•         A business letterhead (a word processed one is acceptable) that clearly states: the name of the business, names of all the partners, the word ‘Partners’  and your business address
•         A copy of any Partnership agreement you have  in place
•         Attached to this confirmation email is a personal details form.  Please can you ensure that both partners complete a separate form and bring it to your account opening meeting
Limited Companies only:
•         Your Certificate of Incorporation
This is the document showing your Registered Number and the date your company was incorporated
•         Share Certificate(s) or Memorandum and Articles of Association (M&As)
This is the document confirming how all the shares in your Limited Company are allocated, showing each shareholder’s details and their full shareholding.
(Please note: some M&As do not show full details and cannot be used for this purpose)
•         A board resolution if the company is to have an additional Trading Name
•         Attached to this confirmation email is a personal details forms.  Please ensure that all officials registered at Companies House complete this form and
please bring with you on the day of your meeting.  This includes all silent directors, secretaries or shareholders that are registered
•         For each individual who has completed a personal details form, we will be required to identify and verify each individual, in person, with the relevant documentation.
If you require finance we work on a matched funding basis. Supporting evidence is needed, such as: existing contracts, outstanding invoices, working business plan and a cash flow forecast.
Getting to your meeting
If you need help locating the branch please:
visit our branchfinder
Your Barclays Appointment Reference is: 38025166
If you need to rearrange your meeting or have any questions, please call 0800 515 462  *
For information on any of our services, please visit:
www.barclays.co.uk/business
We look forward to welcoming you in branch soon.
* Lines are open Monday to Friday, 8am to 8pm. Saturdays 9am to 1pm. Calls may be recorded for security and training purposes. For BT Business customers, 0845 calls will cost no more than 4.5p per minute, minimum call charge 6.0p (current at
October 2012). The price on non-BT phone lines may be different.
** Only Passports and EU National ID Cards with a Machine Readable Zone or MRZ are acceptable as identification.  The MRZ is either two or three lines of alpha, numeric and chevrons.
Security
Barclays will not send emails to customers requesting security or confidential details, such as membership numbers, passcodes or memorable word information. Further advice can be found on the Security section of the
Personal Banking website.
Confidentiality
This email and any attachments are confidential and intended solely for the addressee, and may also be privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the addressee, or have received this email in error, please
notify the sender immediately, delete it from your system and do not copy, disclose or otherwise act upon any part of this email or its attachments. Any opinion or other information in this email or its attachment, that does not relate to the
business of the Barclays Group, is personal to the sender and is not given or endorsed by the Barclays Group. Barclays Bank PLC. Registered in England. Registered No: 1026167.
Registered Office: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. Barclays Bank PLC is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority.
Email & Cookies
† Barclays uses cookies and similar technologies (which we collectively call cookies) in this email. If you have enabled images, cookies may be set on your computer or mobile device.
Cookies will also be set if you click on any link within the email. Depending upon how your computer and software are configured, these technologies may operate if we are in your safe sender list or equivalent.
Cookies help us to understand how you interact with our emails, which helps us to improve our future email communications. You can disable cookies in your Browser settings and you can prevent some of the other technologies from
operating by not enabling images, or by removing Barclays from your safe sender list. To find out more about cookies and these technologies in general, please follow the link below.
If your email settings have disabled links in this email, you can paste this address into your browser without enabling or accepting cookies:
www.barclays.com/emailcookies
__________ Information from ESET NOD32 Antivirus, version of virus signature database 10918 (20141223) __________
The message was checked by ESET NOD32 Antivirus.
http://www.eset.com