Date: Tue, 01 Jul 2014 13:51:51 +0100
Subject: Aspectus Newsletter # 4
From: "L. Hof" <tr33700@mpzmail.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

 Dear friends,  Recently there is a lot of media attention for the global trade in passports and the so called residence by investment programms. As some people are not aware of those programms, the potential benefits, risks and so on I'm thinking it is a good diea to give you some insights.  Around a year ago I gave a interview to Dutch financial website Follow The Money (FTM). You can read the article here. Having a second passport or neutralising away from your current citizenship can have huge benefits: Visa free travel,No currency controls,Living a tax free life,Have a way out of the government 	is looking to shut you down,Avoid military duty,  Recently there was a lot of media attention for a new alternative in Malta. Just pay the Malta government the total of 600.000,- Euro and you get your Malta passport. This project is launched to raise revenu and the golden visa programms of Greece, Spain and Portugal are a huge succes. So Malta is looking at getting a piece of the action.  Everyone will agree on this one. I have a  very outspoken opinion. A opinion that some poeple, especially those that are payd by the government, consider as extreme. I always so to them: so long I pay you it is mr for you. Be happy there are people that create jobs so that you can continue sleaping. There is 1 thing I always consider: on what way will the government take revenge on me?  News source:  I found a interesting website on a shocking story. What will happen when you sue your government? What will happen if you go to court and fight for your rights on the way the legal system is mentioned for. Well, read what happenend in the US. Click here and see this shocing story.   Wishing you lots of succes and fun.  Lodewijk 
      &nbsp;    &nbsp;        Unsubscribe | Report as Junk | Send to a Friend Email Marketing by  
Dear friends,
Recently there is a lot of media attention for the global trade in passports and the so called residence by investment programms. As some people are not aware of those programms, the potential benefits, risks and so on I'm thinking it is a good diea to give you some insights.
Around a year ago I gave a interview to Dutch financial website Follow The Money (FTM). You can read the article
here
. Having a second passport or neutralising away from your current citizenship can have huge benefits:
Visa free travel,
No currency controls,
Living a tax free life,
Have a way out of the government 	is looking to shut you down,
Avoid military duty,
Recently there was a lot of media attention for a new alternative in Malta. Just pay the Malta government the total of 600.000,- Euro and you get your Malta passport. This project is launched to raise revenu and the golden visa programms of Greece, Spain and Portugal are a huge succes. So Malta is looking at getting a piece of the action.
Everyone will agree on this one. I have a  very outspoken opinion. A opinion that some poeple, especially those that are payd by the government, consider as extreme. I always so to them: so long I pay you it is mr for you. Be happy there are people that create jobs so that you can continue sleaping. There is 1 thing I always consider: on what way will the government take revenge on me?
News source:
I found a interesting website on a shocking story. What will happen when you sue your government? What will happen if you go to court and fight for your rights on the way the legal system is mentioned for. Well, read what happenend in the US.
Click here
and see this shocing story.
Wishing you lots of succes and fun.
Lodewijk
Unsubscribe
|
Report as Junk
|
Send to a Friend
Email Marketing by