Date: Thu, 30 Oct 2014 11:46:04 +0000
Subject: info
From: Dan Turner <dan@evolutionoutsourcing.com>
To: "steve@formationshouse.com" <steve@formationshouse.com>

FYI

Best Regards,


Dan Turner

[Back Home]


Evolution Outsourcing
www.evolutionoutsourcing.com

Tel      02037622335
email dan@evolutionoutsourcing.com


This message and any attachment may contain privileged and confidential information intended for use of the addressee(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient of this message please notify the sender immediately. You are hereby notified that you should not copy, forward, disclose or otherwise use the message or any part of it in any form whatsoever. Security & Confidentiality - please note that this e-mail has been created in the knowledge that e-mail communication is not a fully secure medium. We strongly advise you understand and observe this lack of security when e-mailing us. Viruses - although at the time of sending this e-mail and any attachment(s) we believe it to be free from any viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that they are free of any viruses.



FYI
Best Regards,
Dan Turner
Evolution Outsourcing
www.evolutionoutsourcing.com
Tel
02037622335
email
dan@evolutionoutsourcing.com
This message and any attachment may contain privileged and confidential information intended for use of the addressee(s) named above.
 If you are not the intended recipient of this message please notify the sender immediately. You are hereby notified that you should not copy, forward, disclose or otherwise use the message or any part of it in any form whatsoever.
Security
 & Confidentiality
- please note that this e-mail has been created in the knowledge that e-mail communication is not a fully secure medium. We
 strongly advise you understand and observe this lack of security when e-mailing us.
Viruses
-
 although at the time of sending this e-mail and any attachment(s) we believe it to be free from any viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that they are free of any viruses.