Date: Tue, 9 Dec 2014 12:50:58 +0000
Subject: eOffice eNetwork News - DECEMBER 2014
From: eOffice eNetwork News <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=149643&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/srLLYDG2wr25ujD0v77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
NOVEMBER 2014
THANKFUL TO ALL OUR TEAM, MEMBERS AND PARTNERS FOR A FANTASTIC 2014
We would like to express our gratitude to all our loyal members and our special partners for contributing to a dynamic and highly successful 2014.
Four eOffice centres in Central London
We are closing the year with two new beautiful spaces in central London – making the eOffice brand in the UK expand to a total of four high-quality coworking business centres.
eNetwork expansion to over 210 locations worldwide
We connected to even more prestigious business centres and coworking spaces around the world expanding our exclusive network from 140 in the beginning of the year to over 210 at present, making the eNetwork one of the largest of this type worldwide.
eOffice first eNetwork Global Conference
We were also very pleased with the success of our first ever eOffice eNetwork Conference held in London in June, attended by over 50 of our international partners. The insightful presentations, discussions, network and location visits to Google Campus, Mozzilla Spaces, Dolby, British Library and RIBA enriched our vision for the future of the workplace as well as meeting inspiring professionals from our industry.
The eOffice team got bigger
The eOffice team expanded and we are happy to add new skills and professional experience to always ensure high level of services and the best possible experience for our members and clients.
New strategic partners
We established partnerships with specially selected brands, whose innovative business module and company values comply with our philosophy. Uber, TransferWise, the Global Hotel Alliance, Rackspace, ZipCar, Crunch – just a few of our valued partners, with whom we explore new avenues for collaboration and support to mutually grow and expand.
Many new exciting members
Last, but not least, we acquired many new exciting members with innovative business, making the eOffice environment an inspiring place to work from. We are pleased to support and witness the growth of so many startups, expanding to recognized leaders in their field such as Qubit, The App Business, Quill Content, OMG Plc, Duedil, Super Awesome, Moni, Brainient, TV Beat, Bluffers, Silobreaker and Tapad to name a few.
Thanks to everyone that made this possible for us and we look forward to an equally prosperous 2015!
COMING SOON: Our Brand New eOffice Coworking / Business Centre in Holborn, Central London Launching February 2015
The eOffice team has been busy setting up our
fifth new location
in the buzzing
Holborn area
– ideal transport links and plenty of restaurants, shops and bars adding to the vibrancy of the surrounding.
Our new space can accommodate up to
200
bright minds from the entrepreneurial, startup and SME sector offering fully-equipped
office space
, spacious l
ounge areas
with fitted kitchen area and our emblematic
design-led interior décor
.
High-speed broadband, cloud printing solution
and
latest technology meeting
and
videoconferencing facilities
comprise the best professional image on
flexible
term usage.
Coworking Europe Conference, Lisbon 2014
We were thrilled to be part of the annual
Coworking Europe Conference
, held this year in Lisbon – an emerging scene for the startup and coworking industry.
Networking with old and new friends from the industry reconfirmed that coworking is no longer a trend. It is a growing industry on its own, reaching almost
6000 spaces
worldwide. As a
forerunner
, here at
eOffice
we are astonished to see such a growth since
pioneering the coworking concept in 2002.
The changing nature of our predominantly mobile work habits has seen the rise of coworking spaces in
remote areas.
And who wouldn’t want to work from Bali? Focusing on this and many other aspects of the future of the workspace is the newly launched book
“Out of the Office”
by
Carlos Goncalves
, founder of
Avila Business Centre
and
eOffice adviser.
Pier Paolo Mucelli,
Founder of eOffice shared his professional expertise in a discussion panel on best practice in
multiplying Coworking directories
- the way forward in expanding the reach and awareness of any centre.
We are looking forward to seeing everyone again soon and hearing more success stories from the industry.
London’s Largest Open Source Directories for Coworking and Office Space
At eOffice the team have also been busy creating new listing portals for all coworking spaces as well as all leased office space in London.
CoWorkingLONDON.com
is currently the largest listing of coworking spaces in London, providing full information and pricing of 110 coworking venues across the city.
OpenOffices
is the largest open source directory with over 1,300 office spaces for lease in London, with the option to segment your search by length of intended lease, postcode, size and price.
Stay Tuned With the Latest in Workplace Design and Innovation with the eOffice Blog
From workplace design and technology to exciting startup stories – the
eOffice blog
unveils the latest news and interesting trends from the world of innovation, design and sustainability of the modern office space.
Stay tuned with the new concepts of coworking and the ever-changing nature and environment of the workspace. You can also check out our eOffice eNetwork partners and their high-quality, inspiring centres around the world. For these, and much more, sign up for our
eOffice blog
and stay informed.
MEETING ROOMS
HOT DESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here