Date: Mon, 29 Dec 2014 15:48:14 +0500
Subject: FW: Insurance License
From: "Oliver" <oliver@formationshouse.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

 

 

From: Oliver [mailto:oliver@formationshouse.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, April 15, 2014 4:30 PM
To: Oliver
Subject: Insurance License

 

Insurance License

 

The Gambia as part of its strategy to encourage innovative companies in
software and finance to set up operations 

in the Enterprise Zone of The Gambia has set up a finance incubator in the
Enterprise Zone.

 

This will allow companies and entrepreneurs from all over the world who have
innovative ideas in finance to come to 

The Gambia and develop their ideas and business plans in a managed
environment.

 

The Insurance licence regime in the Enterprise Zone allows new companies to
obtain a provisional licence and to operate 

and provide services to other companies and individuals in the Enterprise
Zone. The licence does NOT permit licence holders 

to provide services to companies or individuals in The Gambia outside of the
Enterprise Zone.

 

The Enterprise Zone is attracting companies from all over the World due to
its ease of setting up operations and the attractive 

tax regime. We anticipate over 100,000 companies will have registered in the
Enterprise Zone in the next 18 months and they 

will require Financial Services providing an ideal market to develop and
test new business models.

 

 

Managed Insurance Regime

 

Corporate entities wishing to obtain an Insurance Licence are can apply for
a Provisional Licence enabling them to start the process of obtaining a full
licence to operate an insurance company. 

 

The provisional licence is designed to allow ventures to put in place the
infrastructure for Insurance operations, and raise capital from prospective
investors to support the business plan once the full licence has been
issued. The provisional licence does not allow the newly incorporated
insurance company to begin actively trading. 

 

A Provisional Insurance Licence holder may only begin actively trading if
they are able to operate under the control of an existing Insurance Company
which has a full licence and which is willing to act as a Principal to the
provisional Insurance Company. 

 

Once the provisional licence is issued the Company has 6 months to fulfill a
number of obligations before it may apply for a full licence. The
obligations include:

 

.        An experienced board of directors to be appointed

.        Detailed Business Plan including service provisions and planned
capital activities

.        Documented Risk Management, Data management and Compliance
procedures

.        Evidence of access to sufficient capital to support the business
plan.

.        Implementation of approved Insurance Software and infrastructure.

.        Once these obligations have been met, the Insurance Company may
apply for a full Insurance Licence.

.        The Insurance Company Licence will permit holder to conduct the
activities below in the Enterprise Zone of the Gambia, and subject to
international regulations in other countries where the Insurance operation
has been authorised.

 

To conduct insurance and re-assurance business

To provide financial services related to insurance.

 

Process

 

.        An application form and fee is received.

.        This is accompanied by a preliminary business plan and C.V of at
least one of the nominated members of the Insurance Company board.

.        A review is undertaken

.        If approved a Provisional Licence is Issued

.        Within 6 Months

 

A detailed business plan for the Insurance Company based on the activities
highlighted to be provided

A Board of Directors is to be appointed and CV's of all the directors must
be submitted

All documentation, process management, customer data management to be
supplied

Implementation of Insurance Company Software (Approved Software and Hosting
available upon request)

Payment of Licence Upgrade Fee

Asset availability evidence to be provided

Full Insurance Company Licence Issued

The entire process takes typically 3 months.

Regular submission of activity reports to the Registry for 12 month as part
of Compliance requirements.

From:
Oliver [mailto:oliver@formationshouse.com]
Sent:
Tuesday, April 15, 2014 4:30 PM
To:
Oliver
Subject:
Insurance License
Insurance License
The Gambia as part of its strategy to encourage innovative companies in software and finance to set up operations
in the Enterprise Zone of The Gambia has set up a finance incubator in the Enterprise Zone.
This will allow companies and entrepreneurs from all over the world who have innovative ideas in finance to come to
The Gambia and develop their ideas and business plans in a managed environment.
The Insurance licence regime in the Enterprise Zone allows new companies to obtain a provisional licence and to operate
and provide services to other companies and individuals in the Enterprise Zone. The licence does NOT permit licence holders
to provide services to companies or individuals in The Gambia outside of the Enterprise Zone.
The Enterprise Zone is attracting companies from all over the World due to its ease of setting up operations and the attractive
tax regime. We anticipate over 100,000 companies will have registered in the Enterprise Zone in the next 18 months and they
will require Financial Services providing an ideal market to develop and test new business models.
Managed Insurance Regime
Corporate entities wishing to obtain an Insurance Licence are can apply for a Provisional Licence enabling them to start the process of obtaining a full licence to operate an insurance company.
The provisional licence is designed to allow ventures to put in place the infrastructure for Insurance operations, and raise capital from prospective investors to support the business plan once the full licence has been issued. The provisional licence does not allow the newly incorporated insurance company to begin actively trading.
A Provisional Insurance Licence holder may only begin actively trading if they are able to operate under the control of an existing Insurance Company which has a full licence and which is willing to act as a Principal to the provisional Insurance Company.
Once the provisional licence is issued the Company has 6 months to fulfill a number of obligations before it may apply for a full licence. The obligations include:
·
An experienced board of directors to be appointed
·
Detailed Business Plan including service provisions and planned capital activities
·
Documented Risk Management, Data management and Compliance procedures
·
Evidence of access to sufficient capital to support the business plan.
·
Implementation of approved Insurance Software and infrastructure.
·
Once these obligations have been met, the Insurance Company may apply for a full Insurance Licence.
·
The Insurance Company Licence will permit holder to conduct the activities below in the Enterprise Zone of the Gambia, and subject to international regulations in other countries where the Insurance operation has been authorised.
To conduct insurance and re-assurance business
To provide financial services related to insurance.
Process
·
An application form and fee is received.
·
This is accompanied by a preliminary business plan and C.V of at least one of the nominated members of the Insurance Company board.
·
A review is undertaken
·
If approved a Provisional Licence is Issued
·
Within 6 Months
A detailed business plan for the Insurance Company based on the activities highlighted to be provided
A Board of Directors is to be appointed and CV’s of all the directors must be submitted
All documentation, process management, customer data management to be supplied
Implementation of Insurance Company Software (Approved Software and Hosting available upon request)
Payment of Licence Upgrade Fee
Asset availability evidence to be provided
Full Insurance Company Licence Issued
The entire process takes typically 3 months.
Regular submission of activity reports to the Registry for 12 month as part of Compliance requirements.