Date: Mon, 24 Nov 2014 17:54:24 +0500
Subject: FW: consulation
From: "Oliver" <oliver@formationshouse.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

 

 

From: Cmi Edu [mailto:cmi.edu2014@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, November 24, 2014 5:27 PM
To: oliver@formationshouse.com
Subject: consulation

 

 

Dear Oliver

 

I hope you are well, thanks for your information about London CSF. We are going to establish a bank in Gambia and wants to make agreement with you in which its license be from there and be renewed every year and provide its software system and its website. We want to provide bank services according to London CSF services and “Science Development Commercial Bank “, is the proposed name of our bank. All three members of the Board of Directors, have 10 years experience in management and commercial and we are now resident in Iran and soon we will announce non-Iranian nationality.

Since the UAE is a country where there is no tax on it and is a free zone country, license for tax cannot be presented. So about this paragraph “minimum of $500,000 in cash or liquid assets”, license of a general trading or legal advisor company in the UAE is acceptable?

 

 

Best regards 

Majid Azizpour

 

 

From:
Cmi Edu [mailto:cmi.edu2014@gmail.com]
Sent:
Monday, November 24, 2014 5:27 PM
To:
oliver@formationshouse.com
Subject:
consulation
Dear Oliver
I hope you are well, thanks for your information about London CSF. We are going to establish a bank in Gambia and wants to make agreement with you in which its license be from there and be renewed every year and provide its software system and its website. We want to provide bank services according to London CSF services and “Science Development Commercial Bank “, is the proposed name of our bank. All three members of the Board of Directors, have 10 years experience in management and commercial and we are now resident in Iran and soon we will announce non-Iranian nationality.
Since the UAE is a country where there is no tax on it and is a free zone country, license for tax cannot be presented. So about this paragraph “minimum of $500,000 in cash or liquid assets”, license of a general trading or legal advisor company in the UAE is acceptable?
Best regards
Majid Azizpour