Date: Thu, 2 Oct 2014 16:10:54 +0000
Subject: eOffice eNetwork News - October 2014
From: eOffice eNetwork News <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut2.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=147899&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut2.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut2.co.uk/l/srLLKDK2wr25ugD9v77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
OCTOBER 2014
eNetwork - 200 locations worldwide and growing!
We are pleased to announce that our eOffice eNetwork reached 200 locations worldwide, but our expansion plans do not stop here! Present in 6 continents and in most of the major business cities, the eNetwork is now the second largest network of high quality, modern office centres – all thanks to our partners. In total, we are now managing over 25,000 desks and 1,000 meeting rooms spread over 108 cities and 58 countries.  We are continuosly exploring new locations and centres to grow our pressence and add more value to our partners and members.
Our new eOffice centre in Fitzrovia, Central London
Open plan, top-floor, wrap around terrace – just a few of the beautiful features of our new centre in the prestigious Central London area of Fitzrovia. We are also very excited to welcome our first residents a day after the official opening - a tech-startup, offering an innovative discovery platorm. Tons of natural sun light and our signature design touch with high quality furniture make the space a unique venue for entrepreneurs and SMEs.
Three Months Free Virtual Office in Hong Kong and Singapore
Our partner Compass Offices has a generous offer exclusive to eOffice clients for 3 Months Free Virtual Office in prestigious addresses in Hong Kong and Singapore. The offer is applicable for a 12 months contract signed before the 31st October.
10% OFF Meeting Rooms for October with our partner Landmark
Traveling for business to Africa? Check out the ultra modern office centres of our partner Landmark Africa. Due to domestic and international demand, the serviced office industry in Africa has continued to experience steady growth. In response to this trend, Landmark will be embarking on a major serviced office roll-out in 2015 in various parts of Africa. Exclusively to eOffice clients Landmark offers 10% OFF meeting room bookings in their centres in Lagos, Nairobi, Johannesburg and Acra.
Socialance offers 20% OFF to all eOffice clients
Connecting freelancers and employers worldwide, Socialance is a professional network where you can hire a reliable expert in any field for a relevant one off task or project. Whether you want to offer your expertise as a freelancer or need one for a particular project, Socialance offers 20% off to all eOffice members either when you hire someone or get hired to carry our a project. Simply click on the link below to claim your free credits
https://beta.socialance.com/partner/eoffice/f3bhb3/
MEETING ROOMS
HOT DESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here