Date: Sun, 27 Jul 2014 17:16:43 +0600
Subject: URGENT: in regards to MINIHLAB limited company
From: "Farkhat J." <jumagaliyevf@gmail.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Dear Steve,

As a founder of MINIHLAB Limited company, it's unbelievable hard to
maintain the presence of small startup company in the international market
from home city due to number of factors. One of those factors associated
not only with local and international corporate tax laws, but also related
with a lot of geo-political issues. In recent 2-3 weeks, the fact of having
my transparent international company operating from home city brought me a
lot of troubles from some unknown forces. I wish I could know why it was
happening, but I am afraid it somehow linked with things happening in
nearby countries. I am also afraid that my family would be a target of some
sort of political pressure and political setups, and my transparent
international company could be seen as a threat to some political
regimes(or plans). I don't want to be a part of any political game(or
plan), but having my transparent company in the UK seems to make my life
worse. Could you advice how could I close it quickly? I have already
submitted my letter(about dissolving my company) to CompaniesHouse, but it
does seem to take time. What should I do to close it quickly?

Your help is appreciated
Kind Regards,
-- 
Farkhat Jumagaliyev
Dear Steve,
As a founder of MINIHLAB Limited company, it's unbelievable hard to maintain the presence of small startup company in the international market from home city due to number of factors. One of those factors associated not only with local and international corporate tax laws, but also related with a lot of geo-political issues. In recent 2-3 weeks, the fact of having my transparent international company operating from home city brought me a lot of troubles from some unknown forces. I wish I could know why it was happening, but I am afraid it somehow linked with things happening in nearby countries. I am also afraid that my family would be a target of some sort of political pressure and political setups, and my transparent international company could be seen as a threat to some political regimes(or plans). I don't want to be a part of any political game(or plan), but having my transparent company in the UK seems to make my life worse. Could you advice how could I close it quickly? I have already submitted my letter(about dissolving my company) to CompaniesHouse, but it does seem to take time. What should I do to close it quickly?
Your help is appreciated
Kind Regards,
--
Farkhat Jumagaliyev