Date: Tue, 20 Oct 2015 08:10:29 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: Introducing EPB's All-New Platform: Global TradeStation
From: "Euro Pacific Bank Ltd." <info@europacbank.com>
To: Steve Smith <steve@formationshouse.com>

Introducing Global TradeStation – the world’s most intuitive multi-asset trading platform.

Get ready to rethink the way you trade

A smarter, easier and faster trading platform that allows you to manage your portfolio on any device from a single account is on the way.

https://europacbank.com/products/brokerage/trading-platforms/globaltradestation/



Dear FNAME,

We, Euro Pacific Bank and Global Trading, are happy to announce a new way to manage your portfolio - on any device, from a single account.

Introducing the all-new Global TradeStation trading platform, the world's most intuitive multi-asset trading platform, released on October 19, 2015.

This major enhancement will provide you with a more simplified, intuitive, and versatile trading experience including:

* Smarter technology
* Easier access
* Faster executions

Seize more opportunity with a multi-asset trading platform that offers you a more intuitive trading experience. View market prices on 30,000+ instruments across FX, CFDs, Futures, Options and Stocks anywhere, anytime on any device – all from a single account.

If you are a current Euro Pacific Bank WebTrader or Mobile Trader client, your platform will be upgraded to the all-new Global TradeStation. Previously downloaded apps may experience an automatic update depending on your phone settings.

To learn if Global TradeStation is right for you, sign up for a free demo: https://europacbank.com/products/brokerage/trading-platforms/globaltradestation/

Or, contact a Private Banker for a free financial review: https://europacbank.com/contact/

We're excited to work with you to fulfill all of your banking and trading needs.

Sincerely,

Euro Pacific Bank Management Team


Trading financial instruments carries risks. Always ensure that you fully understand all these risks before trading.

Introducing EPB's All-New Platform: Global TradeStation
Introducing Global TradeStation – the world’s most intuitive multi-asset trading platform.
Get ready to rethink the way you trade
A smarter, easier and faster trading platform that allows you to manage your portfolio on any device from a single account is on the way.
Dear Steve,
We, Euro Pacific Bank and Global Trading, are happy to announce a new way to manage your portfolio - on any device, from a single account.
Introducing the all-new
Global TradeStation
trading platform, the world's most intuitive multi-asset trading platform, released on
October 19, 2015
.
This major enhancement will provide you with a more simplified, intuitive, and versatile trading experience including:
Smarter technology
Easier access
Faster executions
Seize more opportunity with a multi-asset trading platform that offers you a more intuitive trading experience. View market prices on 30,000+ instruments across
FX
,
CFDs
,
Futures
,
Options
and
Stocks
anywhere, anytime on any device
– all from a single account.
If you are a
current
Euro Pacific Bank WebTrader or MobileTrader client, your platform will be upgraded to the all-new Global TradeStation. Previously downloaded apps may experience an automatic update depending on your phone settings.
To learn if Global TradeStation is right for you, sign up for a
free demo
and/or contact a Private Banker for a
free financial review
. We're excited to work with you to fulfill
all
of your banking and trading needs.
Sincerely,
Euro Pacific Bank Management Team
Learn more about Global TradeStation
here
Trading financial instruments carries risks. Always ensure that you fully understand all these risks before trading.
UNSUBSCRIBE