Date: Wed, 3 Jun 2015 17:11:39 +0000
Subject: eOffice News - JUNE 2015
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=153476&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/srLLqDG2wr25uj_rv77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
JUNE 2015
eOffice Workplace Conference 2015, June 19th
Join us for the annual eOffice Workplace Conference, bringing together leading experts in the office design and operations, currently working on some of the most innovative projects on the horizon of the flexible workplace market. With a mixture of insightful presentations and open panel discussions, they will collectively unveil and map the evolving trends and future of this growing sector of the real estate industry.
Speakers
Pier Paolo Mucelli, Founder, eOffice
Christopher Jenkins, Project Director, Peldon Rose
Grant Kanik, Founding Partner, Wheelerkanik
Martijn Roordink, Managing Director, Spaces (Regus Group)
Tim Carrigan, CEO, OpenDesk.cc
Shaun Dawson, Real Estate Research Manager, Deloitte Real Estate
Pietro Martani, CEO, Copernico, Milano
Stefan Jacubowski, Community Manager, The Office Group
Event Details:
Date:
Friday, June 19th, 2015 from 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM (BST)
Venue:
Henry Wood House, 2 Riding House Street, London W1W 7FA, UK
Register:
http://www.eventbrite.com/e/eoffice-workplace-conference-2015-tickets-16811429438
For more information: enetwork@eoffice.net
The Pitch - Free Workshop at eOffice Holborn, Thu 4th June, 2015
eOffice is pleased to partner and support the participants of
The Pitch
- UK's biggest small business competition. Over the years The Pitch has helped thousands of entrepreneurs boost their businesses through a programme of awesome advice, coaching and live events. As a new addition for 2015 The Pitch will be hitting the road to meet as many entrepreneurs and small businesses as possible, and they'll be joining us to host a free to attend interactive business workshop on the
4th June
at eOffice Holborn.
Reserve your place here
and find out why you need to be part of The Pitch 2015
Date:
Thursday 4th June 2015, 13:00 ­ 14:30
Venue:
eOffice Holborn, Lincoln House, 296-302 High Holborn, WC1V 7JH
Register:
http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-pitch-road-trip-eoffice-holborn-tickets-16863300586
Why eOffice? Our Members Had a Say
Following a recent study, concluding that people thrive at coworking spaces we decided to pop by the desks of some of our members and ask them "Why eOffice?" Here is what they shared :
John White
Radical Company
"
eOffice is a great environment to work in - flexible, diligent and attentive staff combined with great facilities and an energised community of companies make it a pleasure to come into everyday"
Max Higgs
Wei UK
"
We love that at eOffice a great effort is also put into creating networking opportunities between eOffice tenants and with the wider business community. The team, service and location made eOffice an obvious choice for our business."
Kristofer Mansson
Solibreaker
"
This is serviced office space as it should be. Out with the old model of a fancy reception area and dreadfully boring rooms. In with a modern open landscape, high-speed infrastructure, efficient support team and with rental flexibility ranging from hot-desking to permanent desks."
What to do when banks say 'no' to funding your business
Our eOffice member
FUNDING XCHANGE
has the answer to this vital question for every growing company.
You may have approached your bank and possibly found it difficult to secure the funds you require or were offered only parts of the funding you require. You are in good company. Banks are declining 50% loan requests from some smaller businesses -their decisions have very little to do with you and the prospects of your business or whether you can get access to funding.
Banks' outdated, costly processes and high costs of capital make it difficult to lend to owner-operated businesses and provide smaller or flexible forms of credit. As a result, availability of overdrafts - long a favourite tool for businesses to smooth their cash flow needs, has shrunk by more than 30%.
Here
FUNDING XCHANGE
(
www.fundingxchange.co.uk
) helps you - with just one request for funding you can reach many funders to get a transparent view of the available options for your business. Funders will get back to you with individual quotes - making it easy to compare offers. As a business owner, you are in control. You determine who you want to work with based on transparent terms.
10% OFF From Our PartnerConstant Contact
We are pleased to have joined forces with Constant Contact - one of the world's top email marketing platforms offering a range of tools to help small businesses do more business. Whether you want to send an email newsletter, organise and promote an event, run a Facebook promotion or find out what's on your customers' minds, Constant Contact's comprehensive platform will help you achieve top marketing results top marketing results.
For an exclusive 10% OFF for eOffice members and friends members and friends click
HERE
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here