Date: Wed, 23 Dec 2015 09:40:24 -0000
Subject: Alpha Alliance Ltd
From: "Aatif Rehman" <aatif@sterlingaccountancy.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

I think it would be easier to talk to someone about this because the e-mails
you send me make no sense to me at all and every time I reply to you I get
another list of things you want. Please ring me if you need to talk: 0161 -
413 0017.

 

To make things easier I would like you to do the following for Alpha
Alliance Ltd:

 

Please remove Sterling Accountancy as a Director and also please remove
Sterling Accountancy as a share holder. Sterling Accountancy will have
nothing to do with Alpha Alliance Ltd.

 

The only Director for Alpha Alliance Ltd should be me: Mr Aatif Fazlur
Rehman.

 

I have already sent you all of my personal information and authentication
items. I have also attached to this e-mail a scanned copy of my passport and
also my bank statements for the last three months confirming my home address
to be 7 Chelburn Close, Bickershaw, Wigan, WN2 5TZ.

 

Please reply to me today to confirm that you will be sending all the limited
company items to my home address. Please also reply to me today if you need
anything else. I will be leaving for holiday again after today and I will
not be available for a few more weeks if we do not get this sorted today.

 

Please reply to me to confirm you will ne sending me the documents for the
company including Authentication Code and Certificate of Incorporation.

 

Kind Regards,

 

Aatif Rehman

 



 Woodland View

 478 - 482 Manchester Road East

 Worsley

 Manchester

 M38 9NS

 t:0161 413 0017

 f:0161 413 0016

  e: aatif@sterlingaccountancy.com

 

This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended
solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
If you have received this email in error please notify the system manager.
Please note that any views or opinions presented in this email are solely
those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
Finally, the recipient should check this email and any attachments for the
presence of viruses. The company accepts no liability for any damage caused
by any virus transmitted by this email. 

Sterling Accounts Limited, (Registration Number: 07923211)

 



---
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.
https://www.avast.com/antivirus
I think it would be easier to talk to someone about this
because the e-mails you send me make no sense to me at all and every time I reply
to you I get another list of things you want. Please ring me if you need to
talk: 0161 – 413 0017.
To make things easier I would like you to do the following
for Alpha Alliance Ltd:
Please remove Sterling Accountancy as a Director and also
please remove Sterling Accountancy as a share holder. Sterling Accountancy will
have nothing to do with Alpha Alliance Ltd.
The only Director for Alpha Alliance Ltd should be me: Mr
Aatif Fazlur Rehman.
I have already sent you all of my personal information and
authentication items. I have also attached to this e-mail a scanned copy of my
passport and also my bank statements for the last three months confirming my
home address to be 7 Chelburn Close, Bickershaw, Wigan, WN2 5TZ.
Please reply to me today to confirm that you will be sending
all the limited company items to my home address. Please also reply to me today
if you need anything else. I will be leaving for holiday again after today and I
will not be available for a few more weeks if we do not get this sorted today.
Please reply to me to confirm you will ne sending me the
documents for the company including Authentication Code and Certificate of
Incorporation.
Kind Regards,
Aatif Rehman
Woodland View
478 -
482
  Manchester Road East
Worsley
Manchester
M38 9NS
t:
0161 413 0017
f:
0161 413 0016
e:
aatif@sterlingaccountancy.com
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the system
manager. Please note that any views or opinions presented in this email are
solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the
company. Finally, the recipient should check this email and any attachments for
the presence of viruses. The company accepts no liability for any damage caused
by any virus transmitted by this email.
Sterling Accounts Limited, (Registration Number: 07923211)
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.
www.avast.com