Date: Thu, 19 Feb 2015 14:41:06 +0000
Subject: eOffice News - FEBRUARY 2015
From: eOffice News <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=151230&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/srLLwDK2wr25ugXyv77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
FEBRUARY 2015
eOffice International Partner Conference 2015
We are glad to confirm that the second
eOffice International Partner Conference
will be held in
London, on 18-19 June 2015
. The conference will follow similar dynamic format of insightful presentations, inspiring workspace visits and invaluable networking opportunities with key professionals from the design, architecture, facility management industries and independent coworking operators. Last year’s visits to
Google Campus, Mozilla Spaces, Dolby, British Library and RIBA
enriched our vision for the future of the workplace, and we are preparing something very exciting for this year as well.
We look 
forward to seeing all our eNetwork Partners in London very soon.
For more information please contact us at
enetwork@eoffice.net
Launching eOffice Holborn - Our Brand New Coworking Centre in Midtown, Central London
With ample open plan space, tons of natural light, high-quality furnishing and infrastructure and impressive views over the iconic Lincoln’s Inn Fields, our brand new
eOffice Holborn
centre is ready to welcome aspiring entrepreneurs, startups and SME’s. Located in the heart of Holborn, Central London, our new coworking space benefits from great transport links and plenty of cafes, restaurants and bars in the buzzing Midtown district. Over
120 workstations,
7
meeting rooms
including a
large conference
and
event space,
eOffice Holborn is now open to the inspiring community of startups, growing businesses and SMEs.
As a special offer for our launch
- sign for
office space
by the
end of February
and get an exclusive
25% OFF for the first 4 months
.  Contact us now at
holborn@eoffice.net
eOffice Soho is now a FedEx Authorised ShipCentre
eOffice is officially a
FedEx Authorised ShipCentre
, offering easy access to the FedEx global network, whenever you need to ship from the
W1 area in Central London.
All parcels will be processed and handled with care by our own Customer Care team and we look forward to assisting businesses with their shipping requirements.
eOffice partnering with AngelsCube
AngelsCube
is an innovative investment platform focused on early stage-technology companies. Launched by 30 founding member, alumni from the top business and technology universities in the world such as Harvard Business School, INSEAD, LSE and MIT, the company is positioned at the intersection of angel investing, crowd funding and venture capital, making the most of these different investment models.
Pier Paolo Mucelli, Founder eOffice
, is a
founding member of AngelsCube
and we are pleased to support their initiative in finding and funding some of the most exciting tech startups.
If you have an investor deck and an executive summary 
please email it to
invest@eoffice.net
Copernico and eOffice
The Go International Program flies to London
We are very excited about the collaboration with our partner
Copernico
in Milan
. eOffice Holborn London will be
providing a platform for Copernico’s aspiring SMEs
and start-ups that want to launch their business internationally and have a flexible base in the largest and most dynamic city in Europe. We will be organizing a number of events, including
startup pitches
,
launches
,
mentoring days and insightful 
networking events.
Copernico
is also the perfect base for UK and international eOffice members wanting to do business in Italy, in particular in relation to the Milan 2015 Expo.
For more information please contact us at
milan@eoffice.net
Design, Innovation, Technology and insight of the Startup Ecosystem – all and more in the eOffice Blog
Stay tuned with some of the most inspiring
workplace designs
,
trendiest gadgets
on the market and
exciting startup
stories and interview, all revealed on the
eOffice Blog
. We love to share our insightful findings from the inspiring world of design, technology and innovation and we hope you share our enthusiasm!
Check out our
eOffice Blog
:
http://blog.eoffice.net/
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here