Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2015 19:26:13 +0300
Subject: company formation in UK / saudi arabia
From: "Muhammad Javaid Iqbal" <javaid@nartel-ksa.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

Hi

I have speak to live chat with "Athena" and she/he refer me your email.

I want to buy the UK company with trading history for the purpose of open
the branch company in Saudi arabia for the contracting and industrial
projects. Please I need to clarify the following question to proceed this.

1)      I have no much experience in corporation rules,  regulations,
directors, partners arrangement etc. I am simple operation manager who can
lead and manage the projects and staff.

2)      I am working more then 12-15 years  in Saudi arabi and having many
opportunities to do the business here in Saudi.

3)      Sagia (Saudi arabia) allow foreigners to open and start business in
Saudi arabia. The only foreign companies can open the branch company in
Saudi arabia to start business here.

4)      So I decided to buy the UK based readymade company and open the
branch here in saudi and I shall declare myself as  general manger/director
and run the business

5)      I want to ask you if I open the branch here as  "uk company branch"
do I need to pay any tax to UK. Just for your information Saudi take 20% tax
upon profit.

6)       Do formation house shall provide all the services to provide the
required documents with attested from Saudi counslate.

7)      Please send me some options of readymade companies with min 2 year
trading history, VAT/tax paid, certified financial statement, maintained
bank account etc.

 

Please guide me to proceed this

 

 

 

Muhammad Javaid Iqbal, PMP

General Manager 

NARTEL, for telecom, Power & Construction

Hi-Tech, for Steel and Fence ind..

Mob. +96655 5015 795

Tel.   +966 1 2064979

Fax.  +966 1 2914419

 <http://www.nartel-ksa.com/> www.nartel-ksa.com

 

Hi
I have speak to live chat with “Athena” and she/he refer me your email.
I want to buy the UK company with trading history for the purpose of open the branch company in Saudi arabia for the contracting and industrial projects. Please I need to clarify the following question to proceed this.
1)
I have no much experience in corporation rules,  regulations, directors, partners arrangement etc. I am simple operation manager who can lead and manage the projects and staff.
2)
I am working more then 12-15 years  in Saudi arabi and having many opportunities to do the business here in Saudi.
3)
Sagia (Saudi arabia) allow foreigners to open and start business in Saudi arabia. The only foreign companies can open the branch company in Saudi arabia to start business here.
4)
So I decided to buy the UK based readymade company and open the branch here in saudi and I shall declare myself as  general manger/director and run the business
5)
I want to ask you if I open the branch here as  “uk company branch” do I need to pay any tax to UK. Just for your information Saudi take 20% tax upon profit.
6)
Do formation house shall provide all the services to provide the required documents with attested from Saudi counslate.
7)
Please send me some options of readymade companies with min 2 year trading history, VAT/tax paid, certified financial statement, maintained bank account etc.
Please guide me to proceed this
Muhammad Javaid Iqbal, PMP
General Manager
NARTEL
,
for telecom, Power & Construction
Hi-Tech
, for Steel and Fence ind..
Mob. +96655 5015 795
Tel.   +966 1 2064979
Fax.  +966 1 2914419
www.nartel-ksa.com