Date: Thu, 10 Dec 2015 14:01:09 +0000
Subject: Thank you for a great 2015!
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=156753&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://sut8.co.uk/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=156753&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
DECEMBER 2015
THANK YOU FOR A FANTASTIC 2015!
What a dynamic year! We are thankful to all our members, partners and our dedicated team who made 2015 a great year in the eOffice calendar.
..
Two new eOffice centres in Central London..
In March this year we opened doors to our largest workspace –eOffice Holborn – overlooking the iconic Lincoln Inn Fields. This was followed by the launch of our new HQ - eOffice Soho - located on imminently one of the most famous streets in London and worldwide. Yes, we are now on Oxford Street!
..Growing eOffice community..
With many more new exciting members on board, the eOffice community has substantially grown over this year, welcoming companies from many different sectors and countries. Welcome to our new additions for 2015: AngelsCube, BlueChip, Enki, Funding Xchange, Gum Gum, Jin, Mesh, MindAgilis, My Single Friend, Olapic, Pocket App, Quill, Spoke, SuperAwesome Trilogy Technologies, TVTY, Wahanda, Wearisma, Wistla, Xrapid, YourMD
..Expansion of our Global Network of coworking and shared office spaces..
With a network of 200 high-quality coworking spaces and business centres worldwide, our members can benefit from a Free day pass and meeting room discounts in over 110 major cities.
..Cultivating support within the startup ecosystem..
Partnering with specially selected organizations within the startup ecosystem is a vital part of our pulse as a company. This year we connected and worked along companies such as AngelsCube, Beeleev, French Founders, Ideanation, PiLabs, Seedstars World, Startup-Chile, TechCityUK, The Freelancer Club, The Pitch UK and many more in order to support emerging startups around the world.
..Our second eOffice Global Partner Conference..
We were thrilled to welcome our international partners once again in London for an insightful two-day conference, packed with prominent speakers from the coworking, real estate and facilities management sector. Location visits were strategically routed, starting at The Honourable Society of Grays Inn, followed by LSE New Academic Building, eOffice Holborn, Henry Wood House, The Hospital Club, with concluding drinks at Medius House.
..Expanding our social network..
If you haven’t joined us for one of our networking events you have missed out! Our monthly meetups at eOffice with TechItalians, LatinTechers and Apero Entrepreneurs have gained popularity over 2015, currently having over 2000 members in total. Mark it in your calendar for 2016!
Our Partner Copernico, Launches New, State-of-the-Art Workspace in Milan, Italy
With a tagline:”
Copernico – Where things happen
”, our business centre partner in Milan celebrated its official launch with a Grand Opening Night on 18th November, in their fantastic new space. Featuring an open plan coworking area, private offices, a bar, a restaurant, a gym, even yoga and recreational studious, the design incorporates Copernico’s philosophy for a different style of work, one that revolves around the values of sharing, interaction and collaboration.
Congratulations and in bocca al lupo!
Opening Doors to the New United Spaces, Our Partner in Stockholm, Sweden
Fancy a meeting at the ice bar? Members of the newest coworking space of our partner
United Spaces
can certainly invite clients for a refreshing drink at their very own ice bar or simply use the design-led lounge areas with calming elements, reminiscent of the forest. Offering a range of innovative workspace solutions, United Spaces presents entrepreneurs and startups with open, energetic and dynamic workplace environment in the heart of Stockholm city.
Congratulations to our partner for yet another inspiring space!
MEETING ROOMS
OFFICE
SPACE
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here