Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2015 17:02:51 +0100
Subject: Nominee LTD and LLP quote for Non Residents
From: Roberto Pancaldi <london@opisas.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Dear Steve

As explained OPISAS have Italian clients who are looking to purchase
commercial property in the UK (care home rooms, student pods, hotel rooms)
priced between £40,000-£100,000

These investments all have the same yield model:

- 10% net yield annual yield assured contractually for 10 years

- Payments are yearly in arrears except first instalment which is paid 10
days after completion of purchase

- 110% or 125% assured sell back at year 6 and 10 respectively whereby the
Italian investor sells his investment back to the original vendor



To minimise tax liability our clients need to either

a)    set up and LTD

b)    set up an LLP with 1 partner being an LTD (to allocate income rights)
and the other partner being an individual to allocate capital gains rights


The turnover would be anywhwere from £4,000 to £30,000 p.a. normally so no
VAT registration would be necessary


We are expecting approx 50 company formations per annum to start with from
September 2015 (maybe earlier)




Please provide a quote by filling in the gaps in the boxes below with
prices INCL. VAT


 *LLP* *LTD* *SPE*  *Set-up*        Formation        Partnership agreement
     *Total set-up*
   *LLP* *LTD* *SPE*  *Ongoing*        Accounts & tax        Annual return
     Registered office        2nd Nomineed director (optional)        Insurance
Tax Investigation
       Insurance Tax Investigation        *Total ongoing*



I am assuming your company in collaboration with an advised accountant will
provide all the following below as part of your service?

1.       Formation of LLP/LTD

a.      Choosing and checking of LLP/LTD name

b.      Creating the LLP/LTD

c.      Provision of certificate of incorporation

d.      Registering the LLP/LTD with the HMRC

e.      Registering the partners with the HMRC (including obtaining a UTR
for each partner)

f.       Emailing of relevant formation information to the partners

g.      Organising the appointment as agent for the LLP/LTD with the HMRC



2.       Creation of standard partnership agreement

3.       Ongoing running of LLP

a.      Provision of registered address

b.      Preparation and submission of annual return (AR01)

c.      Preparation and submission of LLP/LTD accounts to Companies House

d.      Preparation and submission of LLP/LTD tax return to HMRC (SA800)
(CT600)

e.      Preparation and submission of  partner tax return to HMRC for each
partner (SA100) X2

f.       Answering (a reasonable level) of general queries from the
partners by both email and phone with respect to the accounts and tax
returns

g.      An annual call or skype call to discuss general accounting & tax
matters with respect to the LLP/LTD



I look forward to hearing/speaking to you

From August 2015 the email account florida@opisas.com will be de-activated.
Please use only london@opisas.com

Many thanks.

Kind regards,

*Roberto Pancaldi*
*OPISAS International Business Development*

Cel: +44 (0) 7779 224 882 UK
Tel: +44 (0) 20 3129 2869 UK
Cel: +39 347 131 8419 Italy
Tel:  +39 06 948 05023 Italy
Email: london@opisas.com
Skype: robertopancaldi
www.opisas.com www.opisasluxury.com

Suite 11, Penhurst House,352-356 Battersea Park Road, London. SW11 3BY

*SAVE PAPER - THINK BEFORE YOU PRINT *This E-mail is confidential. It may
also be legally privileged. If you are not the addressee you may not copy,
forward, disclose or use any part of it. If you have received this message
in error, please delete it and all copies from your system and notify the
sender immediately by return E-mail. Internet communications cannot be
guaranteed to be timely secure, error or virus-free. The sender does not
accept liability for any errors or omissions

The information herein is intended to provide accurate data and facts with
regard to the proposal in question. Information is also provided with the
understanding that the author and OPISAS do not provide legal activities,
accounting, financial or other professional services that would otherwise
be regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority or any other financial
professional regulatory institution. The author and OPISAS disclaim any
liability, personal risk or loss or otherwise, incurred as a result of
directly or indirect use and application of any content of this document.

Queste informazioni immobiliari sono create per fornire dati accurati e
autorevoli per quanto riguarda l'oggetto in questione. Le informazioni sono
altresì fornite con la consapevolezza che l'autore ed OPISAS non provvedono
attività legali, contabili o altri servizi professionali finanziari.
L'autore ed OPISAS declinano ogni responsabilità, perdita o rischio
personale o altro, sostenuto in conseguenza direttamente o indirettamente,
dall'utilizzo e applicazione di qualsiasi contenuto in questo documento.
Dear Steve
As explained OPISAS have Italian clients who are looking to purchase commercial property in the UK (care home rooms, student pods, hotel rooms) priced between £40,000-£100,000
These investments all have the same yield model:
- 10% net yield annual yield assured contractually for 10 years
- Payments are yearly in arrears except first instalment which is paid 10 days after completion of purchase
- 110% or 125% assured sell back at year 6 and 10 respectively whereby the Italian investor sells his investment back to the original vendor
To minimise tax liability our clients need to either
a)
set up and LTD
b)
set up an LLP with 1 partner being an LTD (to allocate income rights) and the other partner being an individual to allocate capital gains rights
The turnover would be anywhwere from £4,000 to £30,000 p.a. normally so no VAT registration would be necessary
We are expecting approx 50 company formations per annum to start with from September 2015 (maybe earlier)
Please provide a quote by filling in the gaps in the boxes below with prices INCL. VAT
LLP
LTD
SPE
Set-up
Formation
Partnership agreement
Total set-up
LLP
LTD
SPE
Ongoing
Accounts & tax
Annual return
Registered office
2nd Nomineed director
  (optional)
Insurance Tax
  Investigation
Insurance Tax
  Investigation
Total ongoing
I am assuming your company in collaboration with an advised accountant will provide all the following below as part of your
service?
1.       Formation of LLP/LTD
a.      Choosing and
checking of LLP/LTD name
b.      Creating the LLP/LTD
c.      Provision of
certificate of incorporation
d.      Registering the LLP/LTD with the HMRC
e.      Registering the
partners with the HMRC (including obtaining a UTR for each partner)
f.       Emailing of relevant
formation information to the partners
g.      Organising the
appointment as agent for the LLP/LTD with the HMRC
2.       Creation of standard
partnership agreement
3.       Ongoing running of
LLP
a.      Provision of
registered address
b.      Preparation and
submission of annual return (AR01)
c.      Preparation and
submission of LLP/LTD accounts to Companies House
d.      Preparation and
submission of LLP/LTD tax return to HMRC (SA800) (CT600)
e.      Preparation and
submission of  partner tax return to HMRC for each partner (SA100) X2
f.       Answering (a
reasonable level) of general queries from the partners by both email and phone
with respect to the accounts and tax returns
g.      An annual call or
skype call to discuss general accounting & tax matters with respect to the
LLP/LTD
I look forward to hearing/speaking to you
From August 2015 the email account
florida@opisas.com
will be de-activated. Please use only
london@opisas.com
Many thanks.
Kind regards,
Roberto Pancaldi
OPISAS International Business Development
Cel:
+44 (0) 7779 224 882
UK
Tel:
+44 (0) 20 3129 2869
UK
Cel:
+39 347 131 8419
Italy
Tel:  +39 06 948 05023 Italy
Email:
london@opisas.com
Skype: robertopancaldi
www.opisas.com
www.opisasluxury.com
Suite 11, Penhurst House,352-356 Battersea Park Road, London. SW11 3BY
SAVE PAPER - THINK BEFORE YOU PRINT
This E-mail is
confidential. It may also be legally privileged. If you are not the
addressee you may not copy, forward, disclose or use any part of it. If
you have received this message in error, please delete it and all copies from
your system and notify the sender immediately by return
E-mail. Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be timely secure,
error or virus-free. The sender does not accept liability for any errors
or omissions
The information herein is
intended to provide accurate data and facts with regard to the proposal in
question. Information is also provided with the understanding that the author
and OPISAS do not provide legal activities, accounting, financial or other
professional services that would otherwise be regulated by the UK Financial
Conduct Authority or any other financial professional regulatory institution.
The author and OPISAS disclaim any liability, personal risk or loss or
otherwise, incurred as a result of directly or indirect use and application of
any content of this document.
Queste
informazioni immobiliari sono create per fornire dati accurati e autorevoli per
quanto riguarda l'oggetto in questione. Le informazioni sono altresì fornite
con la consapevolezza che l'autore ed OPISAS non provvedono attività legali,
contabili o altri servizi professionali finanziari. L'autore ed OPISAS
declinano ogni responsabilità, perdita o rischio personale o altro, sostenuto
in conseguenza direttamente o indirettamente, dall'utilizzo e applicazione di
qualsiasi contenuto in questo documento.