Date: Tue, 30 Jun 2015 16:15:41 +0500
Subject: HK Companies.
From: "Rachel" <rachel@formationshouse.com>
To: "'Steve Smith \(Formations House\)'" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Hi,

Please find attached company documents for new registration Emirates NBD
Fund Management.

 

3 Company Name Change Certificates

 

Please ask client to sign consent to act as directors and share transfer
form & send us via email and also by post.

Increasing share capital of the companies is in process, I will inform once
done.

Re: Dubai Islamic Fund Management Limited, this company name has an issue
with the name as per Registry
The company name(s) in the following application(s) require(s) further
consideration by the Companies Registry. If you choose to proceed with the
submission, the lodgement fee will NOT be refunded if the company name is
subsequently rejected. Further, your application cannot be processed within
the pledged time. If necessary, you may check the reason(s) for further
consideration of an individual application by "Offline Submission".


Client has to provide us alternative name for us to proceed,

 





 








 





 

 

 

Hi,
Please find attached company documents for new registration Emirates NBD Fund
Management.
3 Company Name Change Certificates
Please ask client to sign consent to act as directors and share
transfer form & send us via email and also by post.
Increasing share
capital of the companies is in process, I will inform once done.
Re:
Dubai
Islamic Fund Management Limited, this company name has an issue with the name
as per Registry
The company name(s) in the following application(s) require(s) further
consideration by the Companies Registry. If you choose to proceed with the submission,
the lodgement fee will NOT be refunded if the company name is subsequently
rejected. Further, your application cannot be processed within the pledged
time. If necessary, you may check the reason(s) for further consideration of an
individual application by “Offline Submission”.
Client has to provide us alternative name for us to proceed,