Date: Wed, 8 Apr 2015 10:20:06 -0400
Subject: United Kingdom company formation
From: Joel Magazine <info@joelrmagazine.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Dear Steve,

My name is Joel Magazine. I am a retired United States Lawyer who now consults for several software development companies, primarily in Canada.  I am a close friend and associate of Mr. Tom Wells from Payment Solutions Priority Payout Corporation,  who has conducted business with you and your company over the last several years.  I recently mentioned to him that I was intending to set up several United Kingdom companies in the near future.  He has suggested that I contact you regarding the formation and setting up of these companies for my clients.


Here is what I request from you and what I can supply to you:

1.              I need to set up five to ten United Kingdom based companies.

2.              I don’t want any of the companies to have a London proper address.

3.              Each company must have a unique and different mailing address.

4.              Each company must have different nominee directors.

a.     Each nominee director will have to produce a copy of a passport and a current utility bill for compliance purposes.

b.     Each nominee director must be an individual and not a company

5.              Each company needs to provide the ultimate beneficial owner with a full set of corporate documents such as articles of incorporation, memorandum of understanding, share certificates, share register and any additional documents necessary for UK compliance.

6.              The nominee directors will need to provide each ultimate beneficial owner with a Power of Attorney.

7.              I will provide you with the ultimate beneficial owner’s name for each company.

8.              I will provide you with all the “know you client” information from each UBO needed for you company’s record keeping compliance:

a.     Copy of signed passport.

b.     Copy of a current utility bill.

c.      A reference letter from a lawyer, banker or other professional.

d.     Contact information: Cell phone and email.

e.	Any other KYC or Due Diligence that you may require.

9.               The ultimate beneficial owners will be primarily Canadian or US citizens.

The two main goals I am looking to accomplish are (1) speed of incorporation and necessary compliance and (2) complete separation of each new company (IE different address, different nominee directors).  If you can be of service to me please give me an estimate of the cost for setting up each company, the yearly registration and management fees and the estimated time to set up the companies with the above criteria.

If you can be of service please contact me at the below email and we can set up a direct call to get things started.

Best Regards,
Joel R. Magazine, PA
9240 SW 72 Street
Suite 114
Miami, FL  33173
United States
305.595.1096 Office
305.903.0335 Cell
305.271.3710 Fax

ucjoel@yahoo.com
http://joelrmagazine.com




Dear Steve,
My name is Joel Magazine. I am a retired United States
Lawyer who now consults for several software development companies, primarily
in Canada.  I am a close friend and
associate of Mr. Tom Wells from Payment Solutions Priority Payout Corporation,  who has conducted business with you and your
company over the last several years.  I recently mentioned to him that I was intending to set up several United Kingdom
companies in the near future.  He has
suggested that I contact you regarding the formation and setting up of these
companies for my clients.
Here is what I request from you and what I can supply to you:
1.
I need to set up five to ten United Kingdom
based companies.
2.
I don’t want any of the companies to have a London proper address.
3.
Each company must have a unique and different mailing
address.
4.
Each company must have different nominee
directors.
a.
Each nominee director will have to produce a
copy of a passport and a current utility bill for compliance purposes.
b.
Each nominee director must be an individual and
not a company
5.
Each company needs to provide the ultimate beneficial owner with a full set of
corporate documents such as articles of incorporation, memorandum of understanding,
share certificates, share register and any additional documents necessary for
UK compliance.
6.
The nominee directors will need to provide each ultimate
beneficial owner with a Power of Attorney.
7.
I will provide you with the ultimate beneficial owner’s name for each company.
8.
I will provide you with all the “know you client”
information from each UBO needed for you company’s record keeping compliance:
a.
Copy of signed passport.
b.
Copy of a current utility bill.
c.
A reference letter from a lawyer, banker or
other professional.
d.
Contact information: Cell phone and email.
e.
Any other KYC or Due Diligence that you may require.
9.
The
ultimate beneficial owners will be primarily Canadian or US citizens.
The two main goals I am looking to accomplish are
(1) speed
of incorporation and necessary compliance and (2) complete separation of each new company (IE different
address, different nominee directors)
.  If
you can be of service to me please give me an estimate of the cost for setting
up each company, the yearly registration and management fees and the
estimated time to set up the companies with the above criteria.
If you can be of service please contact me at the below
email and we can set up a direct call to get things started.
Best Regards,
Joel R. Magazine, PA
9240 SW 72 Street
Suite 114
Miami, FL  33173
United States
305.595.1096 Office
305.903.0335 Cell
305.271.3710 Fax
ucjoel@yahoo.com
http://joelrmagazine.com