Date: Tue, 1 Dec 2015 12:26:22 -0000
Subject: FW: [##73026##] MICROGLOBAL TECHNOLOGY UK LIMITED (BC - BVI)
From: "nadya crawford" <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

Please ask clients to check that the attached is ok .this is the feedback
from the bank:  

 

 

There was only Ms. Cui's signature on the Bank Contract needs to be
re-signed because her signature on the passport is in Chinese. Mr. Liang's
signature on the passport is in English. I amended the Bank Contract
regarding the signatures and attached, can you confirm with the clients?

 

Mr. Liang will need to re-sign the Corporate Resolution in English so the
compliance can verify the signature with his passport.

 

 

Please also inform the clients regarding the recent change of the bank:

 

Effective immediately, after persevering through a number of compliance
challenges associated to receiving USD payments, Euro Pacific Bank has
decided to stop accepting USD incoming wire transfers from third parties.

 

How will this affect wiring with my future Euro Pacific Bank account?

 

Receiving wires: New accounts will not be able to receive USD wires from
external, third parties (friends, business partners, suppliers, etc).
Through the bank account you will however be able to RECEIVE wires from your
own USD personal accounts at other institutions (banks, brokerage, etc).

 

Sending wires: Outgoing wires in USD will still be processed by the bank
account, and you will be able to send wires to suppliers, employees and
other associates.

 

 


 


 


 


 

	
	
	
	

 

Please ask clients to check that the attached is ok …this is the feedback from the bank:
There was only Ms. Cui's signature on the Bank Contract needs to be re-signed because her signature on the passport is in Chinese. Mr. Liang's signature on the passport is in English. I amended the Bank Contract regarding the signatures and attached,
can you confirm with the clients?
Mr. Liang will need to re-sign the Corporate Resolution in English so the compliance can verify the signature with his passport.
Please also inform the clients regarding the recent change of the bank:
Effective immediately, after persevering through a number of compliance challenges associated to receiving USD payments, Euro Pacific Bank has decided to
stop accepting USD incoming wire transfers from
third parties.
How will this affect wiring with my future Euro Pacific Bank account?
Receiving wires:
New accounts will not be able to receive USD wires from external, third parties (friends, business partners, suppliers, etc). Through the bank account you will however be able to RECEIVE wires from your own USD personal accounts at other institutions (banks, brokerage, etc).
Sending wires:
Outgoing wires in USD will still be processed by the bank account, and you will be able to send wires to suppliers, employees and other associates.