Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2015 15:01:40 +0000
Subject: eOffice News - APRIL 2015
From: eOffice News <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=152907&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/srLLSDW2wr25uvDpv77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
APRIL 2015
eOffice International Partner Conference, 18-19th June, London
We are trilled to be holding the second
eOffice International Partner Conference 2015
, bringing together our Business Centre / Coworking Space partners from around the world. Full with insightful presentations, the two day event will host leading professionals at the fore-front of workplace design, management and marketing as well as top Angel Investor Groups revealing key trends within the international startup ecosystem and funding.
Gary Wheeler, Founder, Wheelerkanik
will take us on a tour of the people focused workplace and impact of the Millennials.
Tamsin Fox-Davies, Marketing Mentor, Constant Contact
will reveal the most effective ways to use email marketing to engage with clients and
Carlos Goncalves, Founder and CEO, Avila Business Centre
will present his engaging topic – “From “Flying Chairs” to “Flying Workers".
This and many more interactive sessions along with location visits to some of the most inspiring venues with historical, workplace and educational importance. Have a look:
http://www.eoffice.net/media/pdf/eOfficeConferenceProgramme2015.pdf
The Friday session will be open to the public. If you are interested in joining us email on
enetwork@eoffice.net
so you can secure your spot. Limited space available.
eOffice in Partnership with The Pitch 2015
We are pleased to partner with
The Pitch 2015
- UK's biggest small business competition, running since 2008. Along the years they have put the spotlight on some impressive startups, who have acquired continues growth ever since and we share and support their passion on discovering and paving the way to success for promising entrepreneurs.
eOffice provides special prizes to all 30 finalists as well as an exclusive award for the winner of
The Pitch 2015 Final, to be held on 12th November in Bristol.
For more information please visit the official site:
http://www.thepitch.uk/
AngelsCube Pitch Day at eOffice Holborn
Another week, followed by another impressive selection of startups pitching to
AngelsCube screening committee at eOffice Holborn
. From a robot for solar panel cleaning (
Solarbrush
), games that tap into areas of high interest (
Versus Games
), to immersive massaging app letting people leave messages in real-world locations (
Traces
)– these startups offer a product or a service that is not only in tune with the current digitalization of society but are also a step ahead, predicting the natural course of our needs as a consumer.
In you have an executive summary or investor deck, feel free to contact us at
invest@eoffice.net
eOffice in collaboration with Digital Business Academy, TechCity UK
The UK is one of the fastest growing digital economies and we fully support the launch of new models of education like the
Digital Business Academy
, created by
TechCity UK.
In a range of eight, specially tailored online courses, all for free, DBA provides people with the tools and commercial know-how needed to participate and thrive in this new digital economy.
eOffice is supporting the ambitious entrepreneurs taking the classes with a special award. To find out more visit the official DBA site:
http://www.digitalbusinessacademyuk.com/
FREE Lunch & Learn Event @ eOffice - Building Your Marketing Toolkit
In collaboration with our partner
Constant Contact
we are organizing an insightful
Lunch & Learn session for our members at eOffice Soho
with small-business marketing mentor -
Tasmin Fox-Davies
, offering the key aspects in “Building your marketing Toolkit”
This information-packed hour will take you through a simple marketing approach that will work for you, and equip you with the knowledge to easily define the tools that you will need as part of your individual marketing toolkit. Lunch is also provided.
Join us:
THU 14 May 2015, 12.30-13.30 @ eOffice Soho
Limited space available, if you are interested please drop us a line on
enetwork@eoffice.net
to secure your spot.
How SEO Can Grow Your Business - Monkfeet Class at eOffice Holborn
Join us for a valuable SEO class led by
Likasz Zelezny, Head of Organic Acquisition uSwitch.com
to find out how and why you should focus on organic traffic. Even basic Search Engine Optimization can significantly improve your startup website performance with the right planning, key words and gap analysis. Learn the DOs and DON’Ts of backlink building and measure impact of traffic improvements. Discover plenty more in this valuable two hour session.
Join us:
Mon 18 May 2015, 18:30 - 20:30 @eOffice Holborn
We are giving away
10 FREE Tickets to our eOffice members
. To claim your FREE spot please RSVP on
enetwork@eoffice.net
For more info:
http://www.monkfeet.com/class/how-seo-can-grow-your-business/156
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here