Date: Thu, 10 Sep 2015 09:12:11 +0000
Subject: 25% OFF Oxford Street Meeting Rooms, Free Ticket Coworking Europe Conference, PiLabs Second Startup Intake, BrightLane New Coworking Plan, Coboat Interview with Founder
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=154979&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://sut8.co.uk/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=154979&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
SEPTEMBER 2015
25% OFF Meeting & Conference Rooms in our new eOffice on Oxford Street, London
Looking for a professional meeting room space in the heart of London? Book your next September meeting in any of our design-led meeting and conference rooms equipped with videoconferencing facilities, large plasma TV screens and the latest in technology, part of our new coworking centre on Oxford Street. Excellent transportation links, hands-on customer service and inspiring interior – all you need for your professional image.
Have your next meeting by 30th September and claim your exclusive 25% OFF by sending an email to
hello@eoffice.net
Feel like joining one of Toronto’s most inspiring startup communities?
Design-led and utterly trendy,
BrightLite
- our coworking partner in Toronto - has devised a new coworking option for
their growing freel
ance member base, complying with the specific needs of the self-employed sector.
With their new option -
MyDesk Lite
– you get a dedicated cowork desk (7/24 access) with all the innate membership benefits such as high speed Wi-Fi, wellness room, gourmet coffee, roof terrace with BBQ, afternoon treats, etc. except for meeting rooms, which members could pay for usage on a pay as you go basis.
Feel like joining one of Toronto’s most inspiring startup communities? To claim your
special offer for MyDesk Lite
email us on
enetwork@eoffice.net
Our partner Pi Labs introduces second intake of property innovation startups
Our partner Pi (property innovation) Labs is Europe’s first property-innovation focused accelerator. It was founded to identify and invest in the next generation of property related technology startups, operating in strategic partnership with global real estate firm Cushman & Wakefield and property venture capitalists, Spire Ventures.
Pi Labs is a 13-week intensive mentor led programme that accelerates the growth of exciting property start-ups. The programme is supported by a strong group of mentors from the property, technology and investment industries.
eOffice
is also supporting the selected startups with a free flexible office space for a period of time after completing the accelerators programme.
The first accelerator programme officially launched in March 2015 with the intake of five property technology companies. The second Pi Labs accelerator programme will run from September to December 2015 and their five teams include
Nanoget
,
EnergyMiser
,
Roomflick
,
YourWelcome
,
Switchee
.
For more information please contact Pi Labs please on
info@pilabs.co.uk
Get your FREE extra ticket for Coworking Europe Conference, Nov 2015
Over 400 space operators, facilitators and professionals within the international real estate market are once again heading for the annual
Coworking Europe Conference
, this time in the dynamic financial hub of Italy –
Milan, 11-13th Nov
. The three day insightful event will focus on the rise of Coworking and its impact on entrepreneurship, innovation and, overall the future of the workspace. Join specialist from all around Europe, North America and beyond and get first hand opinion on the prevailing trends in this sector.
Interested in attending? Get a free extra ticket for the purchase of 4 tickets at Early Bird price with special promo code:
CWE15Afilliate17
For more info visit the official CWE site:
http://coworkingeurope.net/
Coboat – coworking while voyaging through paradise - interview with Founder, Gerald Schömbs
Want to work while voyaging through some of the most breath-taking places on earth? Join Coboat – a catamaran adjusted as a coworking space for up to 20 people, traveling around the world offering striking scenery, along with accommodation, catering and high-speed internet. Attracting digital nomads and entrepreneurs from every corner of the world, Coboat enables inspiration and knowledge exchange, as well as numerous possibilities to experience the world right on the water.
Thrilled about this newcomer in the coworking sector, we had a chat with
Gerald Schömbs
, one of the
Founders of Coboat
, who took us on a journey from the very birth of the idea of Coboat. Read more
HERE
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here