Date: Mon, 16 Mar 2015 19:24:11 +0000
Subject: St. Patrick's Day Greetings from Ireland's leading corporate service provider
From: "Andrew Lambe" <andrew@companybureau.ie>
To: "Steve Smith" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Steve Smith
Formations House
Dear Steve,
I would like to take this opportunity to wish you a
Happy St. Patrick’s Day
from all the team at
Company Bureau
www.companyformations.ie
-
Ireland’s leading Company Formation and Corporate Service Provider.
Should you have a client requirement to incorporate a company in Ireland we would be delighted to hear from you.
Is mise le meis (Yours sincerely),
Best wishes,
Andrew Lambe
Commercial Director
COMPANY BUREAU FORMATIONS LIMITED
THE BLACK CHURCH
ST. MARY’S PLACE
DUBLIN 7
IRELAND
PHONE: +353 1 6461625 FAX: +353 1 4430646
COMPANY BUREAU
are renowned experts in company formation, company secretarial and compliance services. For more information, or to order a limited company on-line please see our website
www.companyformations.ie
Company Bureau Formations Limited are registered in Ireland – Private Limited Company Number 265344. Registered Office – The Black Church, St. Mary’s Place, Dublin 7, Ireland. Company Bureau Formations Limited is authorised to carry on business as a Trust and Company Service Provider (TSCP) by the Department of Justice and Law Reform of Ireland
NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER:
This email (including attachments) is confidential. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this email from your system without copying or disseminating it or placing any reliance upon its contents. We cannot accept liability for any breaches of confidence arising through use of email. Any opinions expressed in this email (including attachments) are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect our opinions. We will not accept responsibility for any commitments made by our employees outside the scope of our business. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of such information. If you no longer wish to communication from Company Bureau, please reply to this message, and quote 'remove' in the subject box. We will honour all such requests.