Date: Thu, 22 Jan 2015 15:32:40 +0000
Subject: eOffice News - JANUARY 2015
From: eOffice News <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=150461&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/srLL2DK2wr25ugb3v77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
JANUARY 2015
eOffice in Partnership with Seedstarts World
eOffice is pleased to partner with
Seedstars World
and support their fantastic mission in connecting and giving the stage to some of the most innovative entrepreneurs from emerging startup scenes around the world. Their year-round international startup competitions culminate with the awaited
Seedstarts World Final Event
, where
eOffice
will be giving out
special prizes
to all 32 finalists.
Interested in the startup ecosystem in emerging markets? eOffice members and partners get an exclusive
40% ticket discount
for the
Seedstars World final event
in
Geneva, 4th Feb 2015
. All you have to do is e-mail info@seedstarsworld.com with the title
''Friend of eOffice"
to get your promo code. Don’t miss out.
FREE first ride from our partner Uber
Rapidly expanding to over
200 cities in 53 countries worldwide
, our partner
Uber
is definitely gaining momentum with its successful app-based taxi service. Affordable, efficient and with extensive coverage, you can request and track your reserved car vehicle through an easy smartphone application.
As our partner, Uber is offering eOffice member a
FREE first ride.
To request your discount code please email us at hello@eoffice.net
Enjoy your journey!
Supporting the pioneers in Africa through the 1% Club Cheetah Fund
eOffice is glad to support the
1% Club Cheetah Fund
- a crowd funding platform empowering African people with great ideas, striving to create a change in their community, city or country. The platform enables them to raise funds and kick-start initiatives focused on the well-being of people, from educational to health and welfare aspects.
eOffice is pleased to be
The Cheetah Fund London ambassador
, spreading the word and supporting their fantastic mission and efforts. Have a look at the
campaigns
and become part of their life-changing mission.
EntrepreneurCountry Global offers 50% OFF to eOffice Members
Don’t miss the 14th edition of the
EntrepreneurCountry Global Forum
, with a speaker line up of influencers that have defined industries and pioneered entire sectors. Held in
London
, on
February 3rd,
at the magnificent
Royal Institution of Great Britain
, this is a unique opportunity to witness such a vast array of business and thought leadership at the same 
event – and it is sure to be one of the most insightful and intriguing events of its kind.
Exclusive to eOffice members
, the
EntrepreneurCountry Global
is offering
50% ticket discount
for this invaluable event. Book your ticket
HERE
with your discount code:
special50
Empire Business Centre – Our Impressive eNetwork Partner in Mumbai
As one of the
world’s top 10 centres of commerce
in terms of global financial flow,
Mumbai
is steadily becoming India’s strategic economic centre, hosting the headquarters of a number of Indian financial institutions. Already looking for a business expansion in the area?
Look no more, as our partner
Empire Business Centre
will have you covered in every aspect of your office accommodation. Stylish facilities, high-quality infrastructure, latest technologies combined with unremitted dedication to service in tune with your company and employees’ needs. From flexible office space and meeting room usage to long-term solutions with additional service values for your business growth and development. As their business motto states –
“Effective. Efficient. 
Excellent.”
And we couldn’t agree more!
10% OFF Central London Premium Virtual Office
Looking for a
prestigious business address in Central London
? With our
Premium Virtual Office
package you will get a business address in the heart of London, telephone number, live telephone answering with your company name as well as full-time receptionist to handle your mail.
Don’t miss on our
10% OFF
discount when you sign for a
Premium Virtual Office
for a year. Simply email us at hello@eoffice.net with code
VO10EOFFICE.
Offer ends 31 Jan 2015
MEETING ROOMS
HOT DESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
To forward this email to a friend
click here
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here