Date: Fri, 22 May 2015 00:59:18 +0800 (CST)
Subject: You're Invited: GUESS Party - shop sunglasses up to 60 off
From: huaidangg2015 <sanbenxiaocairen@mailer.jinyunmail1.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Please
click here
if the e-mail below is not displayed correctly
FEBRUARY 2015
SHOP ONLINE
AVIATOR
WAYFARER
REMIX
For a trendy new design that blends in with your look, check out
the
Ray-Ban Aviator and Round
models, now available in cool camouflage colors.
With thin gold temples and fabric rims, you can choose your own contemporary look with a retro twist.
SHOP ROUND CAMO
SHOP AVIATOR CAMO
Now you can run circles around the rest with
the
Ray-Ban Round
, now available in Vintage
Flash lenses. This style comes with
bronze frames and four flash lenses, for an
edgy take on an iconic contemporary design.
SHOP ROUND
RAY-BAN CUSTOMER CARE I 866-4 RAYBAN
12 HARBOR PARK DRIVE PORT WASHINGTON, NY 11050
You are receiving this message because you expressed interest in news and offers from Ray-Ban. Ray-Ban respects your privacy. More detail regarding the use of your information can be viewed at:
http://www.ray-ban.com/usa/privacy-policy
Please add
news@ray-ban.com
to your address book.
Learn How
.
Ray-Ban.com offers Free Overnight Shipping on all orders within the 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. Orders are usually delivered in 1-2 business days. All shipments are fully insured. Air Shipment to P.O. boxes is not possible.
Ray-Ban.com offers Free Shipping on REMIX orders. Overnight shipping is not possible on REMIX orders as these frames are tailor-made to your specifications in Italy and therefore entail a longer processing and transit time. Usually REMIX orders are delivered within 7 business days.
Ray-Ban offers an FREE Shipping service to Hawaii and Alaska, please allow additional time for orders shipped to these addresses. Unfortunately, we do not ship to international destinations. Receive Free Returns for customers from the 48 contiguous states. Offer valid on orders placed
Ray-Ban.com only
.
We reserve the right to end or change this free shipping and returns offer at anytime.
If you want to unsubscribe click
here
.
COPYRIGHT
©2015 LUXOTTICA GROUP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
This e-mail has been sent to dear friend from
news@ray-ban.com
.
To send this email to a friend
click here
.
.......................................................................................
If you no longer wish to receive these emails, click on the following link:
unsubscribe