Date: Fri, 9 Oct 2015 11:01:45 +0000
Subject: FREE 2 Months Virtual Office, London to Hollywood Meet Up, The Pitch 2015 Final, eOffice Networking Events, Wellbeing in the Office
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=155520&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://sut8.co.uk/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=155520&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
OCTOBER 2015
2 Months Free Virtual Office in Central London
Looking for a
Business Address in a premium Central London
location? Our new eOffice Soho, on the corner of Oxford Street and Rathbone Place offers inspiring, design-led work environment with a number of meeting rooms and hotdesking options available on a pay-as-you-go basis. With our
Virtual Office package
you will benefit from a business address, dedicated telephone number and live answering on your company name along with a range of benefits from our partners.
Get your
2 FREE MONTHS VO Premium
and upscale the profile of your business. To claim email
hello@eoffice.net
*Offer valid with 12 month VO Premium contract. EXP. 31.10.15
Hollywood Comes to eOffice
Join us for an evening with a taste of Hollywood glitz and glam. We are thrilled to be hosting the
London to Hollywood Meetup
, gathering actors, screenwriters and devoted fans of the film industry for a collaborative networking evening with expert industry speakers.
Whether your interest is in writing, acting, cinematography, directing, producing, or any other aspect of the entertainment industry, this fun networking group will connect you with like-minded people to share ideas and assist with projects.
When:
Wedensday, October 14, 2015
Where:
eOffice :: Holden House, 57 Rathbone Place, London W1T 1JU
RSVP:
CLICK HERE
Join us for The PITCH 2015 Final
eOffice is thrilled to support
The Pitch 2015 Final
- the dramatic culmination of the UK's biggest small business competition, offering the winner FREE flexible office space for four months.
Hosted by TV presenter and technology specialist Julia Hardy, the event will bring together 30 shortlisted entrepreneurs to compete in front of a live audience for the title of The Pitch 2015 Champion and a money-can't-buy business support package. The day will also be jam packed with practical content, interactive workshop and 1-2-1 sessions with industry experts.
When:
Thursday, 12 November 2015 from 08:30 to 19:00
Where:
Paintworks Event Space, Bath Road, BS4 3EH, Bristol, UK
RSVP:
https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-pitch-2015-final-tickets-18608102335
Take Part in the Buzzing Networking Events @eOffice
Mingle with like-minded entrepreneurs, share ideas and learn about new, exciting startups in the tech, media and ecommerce sector. Join us in one of our upcoming networking events and make exciting new contacts.
TechItalia London
Where: eOffice Soho
When: Wed,28th Oct, 6PM
RSVP & INFO:
CLICK HERE
Apero Entrepreneurs London
Where: eOffice Soho
When: Thu, 5th Nov, 7PM
RSVP & INFO:
CLICK HERE
How is Wellbeing Reshaping the Workplace
Our changing modes of work are reshaping the traditional office space as we know it. With growing focus and research into employees’ satisfaction, productivity and wellbeing, workplace design becomes an imperative tool for creating an environment, where not only work, but people thrive.
An expert in this field, with over 15 years experience in Workplace and Retail design
Pier Andrea Notari, Lead Designer, Harmsen Tilney Shane (HTS)
, whose extensive portfolio of work with leading brands unveils the growing importance of “people” as a factor for office design. Read more on the
eOffice Blog
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here