Date: Thu, 2 Jul 2015 14:46:29 +0000
Subject: Launching the new eOffice on Oxford Street
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=153997&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/srLLSDG2wr25ujblv77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
JULY 2015
eOffice International Partner Conference 2015
We were thrilled to host the second
eOffice International Partner Conference
, which took place on 18th and 19th June in London. The two-day event was tailored to our international business centre and coworking partners from around the world and we were happy to welcome delegates from
all over Europe, Asia and America.
The two-day event hosted people in a number of locations ranging from historical, architectural, educational, workplace and hospitality importance such as
The Honourable Society of Gray's Inn, The LSE New Academic Building, eOffice Holborn, The Office Group, The Hospital Club and WeWork
. With a great selection of expert speakers and topics, the event broadened our knowledge of
the latest trends in workplace management, marketing and design
as well as
the current real eastate market and relocation trends
. Check out our venues, attendees and the highlights from every insightful session over the course of those dynamic two days.
Read more here:
http://goo.gl/WlsU8M
Hello from Oxford Street! Our NEW eOffice Centre
Buzzing with people, restaurants and shops, the iconic
Oxford Street
is at the epicentre of Central London’s vibrant life and culture and we are very excited to add a
high-quality coworking space
to the street’s range of exciting places and businesses. Located on the 4th floor in an elegant business building, our new eOffice centre benefits from tons of natural light with views of the exciting shopping street. At the junction of Soho and Fitzrovia, you are a stone throw from the lively Charlotte Street or the relaxing green park of Soho Square. Offering design-led environment and high-tech infrastructure,
eOffice provides a platform for growth and innovation
, giving you access to a vibrant community of entrepreneurs, networking events and angel investors.
Pop by for a coffee and we would love to take you around.  Drop us a line on
hello@eoffice.net
eOffice Partners with Priority Pass
To benefit our frequent traveller members, eOffice has partnered with
Priority Pass
– the unique card giving you access to over
700 VIP Airport Lounges
in more than
400 cities worldwide
. Cardholders can enjoy a quite and comfortable place to escape from the crowds of the busy departure hall regardless of their ticket class or airline. Complimentary refreshments and snacks, free Internet, conference space and excellent working and leisure facilities are just a few of the perks that will significantly boost your travel experience.
eOffice members get an exclusive up to
20% OFF
on Annual Membership. To claim your offer please email
enetwork@eoffice.net
Business Growth Workshops on eOffice.net powered by Monkfeet
From writing a business plan, building a brand, to understanding the changing patterns of consumer behaviour - getting the know-how from the experts is a vital part when growing a business. This is why we are pleased to introduce a
range of online and offline workshops and classes
including everything on business essentials, management, marketing and sales, coached by established industry professionals.
Tailored at entrepreneurs, startups and growing companies
, the diversity of topics will provide you with the fundamental set of skills and knowledge for further expansion.
Visit our website to book any of the upcoming classes.
http://www.eoffice.net/en/services/classes-and-workshops/
eOffice members have a special
25% OFF all online and office classes
. To redeem your discount please email:
enetwork@eoffice.net
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here