Date: Fri, 27 Mar 2015 11:03:26 +0000
Subject: eOffice News - MARCH 2015
From: eOffice News <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

This HTML email has been sent to you by EOffice.


Your email client cannot understand the message so it cannot be displayed.

To view this HTML email online please follow this link:
http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=152114&si=31720281&u=steve

To change your preferences so you only receive text format emails from us please click this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/consumer/emailformatswitch.php?iC=1397&si=31720281&u=steve

To edit your details/unsubscribe please follow this link:

http://sut8.co.uk/l/srLLIMq2wr25uonuv77mwyXDsLCgsKI.

Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
MARCH 2015
Impressive Line Up of Startups at AngelsCube Pitch Day at eOffice Holborn
What an exciting first round of pitching! eOffice Holborn is the pitching venue of AngelsCube series of screening rounds with preselected startups looking for the next stage in their business growth and expansion. So far, we met with
12 promising companies
so let us briefly introduce them:
Ma Ville App
: an app for London’s curated art, theatre and cultural events;
Asteria Cleaners
: on-demand dry-cleaning and laundry services;
EdgeFolio:
innovative platform connecting allocators and Hedge Funds;
Wearisma
: mobile blogging and shopping platform;
Range Moi
: on-demand storage services;
Two Sigmas
: online tutoring platform connecting professional academics with students;
Skylads
: software that facilitates the management of large scale complex RTB campaigns;
iPushPull
: a tool to link remote spreadsheets, access and edit live data on your mobile;
Dropet
: a mobile payment app that rewards you each time you 
spend;
OutSwitch
: revenue management distribution solution for vacation rental managers;
Closir
: a platform for professional investors and companies to discover, connect and engage with each other;
CheckRecipient
: a tool that stops commercially sensitive emails being sent to the wrong people.
If you are an early stage technology company, have an investor deck and an executive summary please email it to
invest@eoffice.net
eOffice International Partner Conference 2015
We are very excited to host and welcome all of our international Coworking / Business Centre partners at the second annual
eOffice International Partner Conference
in
London, 18th-19th June
. We have been very busy devising a dynamic and insightful programme, securing venues on a scale of historic, academic, to contemporary design and workplace importance like
The Honourable Society of Gray's Inn, London School of Economics, WeWork, eOffice, The Office Group and The Hospital Club
. The two-day event is packed with interactive sessions, workplace tours, and interesting presentations from key professionals in the workplace and design industry. We look forward to the invaluable networking session, mingling with old and new partners in person.
Our Friday 19th June morning session
is
open to the public
and to anyone that is interested in the future trends of office design, infrastructure and workplace innovation. Want to join? Have a look at the programme and email us for more information at
enetwork@eoffice.net
eOffice International Partner Conference 2015 Programme:
http://www.eoffice.net/media/pdf/eOfficeConferenceProgramme2015.pdf
Free Tickets for Insightful Business Growth Classes From Our Partner Monkfeet
Interested in
Financial Forecasting Planning
or
Company
Valuation for Businesses
? Join one of the insightful classes provided by our partner
Monkfeet
led by top instructors and experts in the area of entrepreneurial development and business growth. Monkfeet designs and offers online and locally held classes aimed at helping build and grow a business. Their impressive portfolio of established experts in the business development field curate and tailor every class, offering maximum industry insight and value.
As an eOffice partner, Monkfeet offers
five FREE tickets to eOffice members
for their next classes held at
eOffice Holborn
. To claim one of these FREE tickets email us at
enetwork@eoffice.net
14th April: Financial Forecasting planning for success class @ eOffice Holborn
16th April: Company valuation for businesses class @ eOffice Holborn
For more info:
http://www.monkfeet.com/classes/location/eoffice-lincoln-house
FREE International Transfer with TransferWise for eOffice Members
We are pleased to partner with
TransferWise
- the London based peer-to-peer money transfer and foreign exchange service, avoiding costly currency conversions and transfers crossing borders. The company directly pairs up users wanting to buy a currency with those willing to sell it, saving on expensive foreign exchange fees. TransferWise currently raised $58m in funding to boost its global expansion and aim to make foreign exchange cheaper than ever.
As a partner,
TransferWise offers
eOffice members
a
FREE first International Transfer
up to £3000. Email us on
enetwork@eoffice.net
to claim your offer.
The Office Operator – Your Professional Image in the Netherlands
High-quality design and professional service – offer the right image to your business with
The Office Operator,
our partner in the land of the tulips. With a number of locations in Amsterdam, and presence in Rotterdam and Utrecht, TOO offers full-time or touch down and meeting room space solutions on flexible terms to suit your business needs. Their Virtual Office package offers prestigious business address, mail handling and a number of supporting services.
For more information please visit:
http://www.eoffice.net/en/locations/netherlands.html
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here