Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2016 15:53:04 +0500
Subject: FW: Enquiry
From: "Oliver" <oliver@formationshouse.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

 

 

From: pushkar.joshi@barclays.com [mailto:pushkar.joshi@barclays.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 15, 2016 2:31 PM
To: oliver@formationshouse.com
Subject: Enquiry

 

Hi Oliver, 

 

I am looking at the website and would like to find more information about
buying readymade company

 

Can you call me please on 07900537459 and we can discuss?

 

Thanks

 

Pushkar

 

 

 

 

 

 

  _____  

Barclays offers wealth and investment management products and services to
its clients through Barclays Bank PLC. This email may relate to or be sent
from other members of the Barclays Group.

The availability of products and services may be limited by the applicable
laws and regulations in certain jurisdictions. The Barclays Group does not
normally accept or offer business instructions via internet email. Any
action that you might take upon this message might be at your own risk.

This email and any attachments are confidential and intended solely for the
addressee and may also be privileged or exempt from disclosure under
applicable law. If you are not the addressee, or have received this email in
error, please notify the sender immediately, delete it from your system and
do not copy, disclose or otherwise act upon any part of this email or its
attachments.

Internet communications are not guaranteed to be secure or without viruses.
The Barclays Group does not accept responsibility for any loss arising from
unauthorised access to, or interference with, any Internet communications by
any third party, or from the transmission of any viruses. Replies to this
email may be monitored by the Barclays Group for operational or business
reasons.

Any opinion or other information in this email or its attachments that does
not relate to the business of the Barclays Group is personal to the sender
and is not given or endorsed by the Barclays Group.

Barclays Bank PLC. Registered in England and Wales (registered no. 1026167).
Registered Office: 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, United Kingdom.

Barclays Bank PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation
Authority ( Financial Services Register No. 122702).

  _____  

From:
pushkar.joshi@barclays.com [mailto:pushkar.joshi@barclays.com]
Sent:
Friday, July 15, 2016 2:31 PM
To:
oliver@formationshouse.com
Subject:
Enquiry
Hi Oliver,
I am looking at the website and would like to find more information about buying readymade company
Can you call me please on 07900537459 and we can discuss?
Thanks
Pushkar
Barclays offers wealth and investment management products and services to its clients through Barclays Bank PLC. This email may relate to or be sent from other members of the Barclays Group.
The availability of products and services may be limited by the applicable laws and regulations in certain jurisdictions. The Barclays Group does not normally accept or offer business instructions via internet email. Any action that you might take upon this message might be at your own risk.
This email and any attachments are confidential and intended solely for the addressee and may also be privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the addressee, or have received this email in error, please notify the sender immediately, delete it from your system and do not copy, disclose or otherwise act upon any part of this email or its attachments.
Internet communications are not guaranteed to be secure or without viruses. The Barclays Group does not accept responsibility for any loss arising from unauthorised access to, or interference with, any Internet communications by any third party, or from the transmission of any viruses. Replies to this email may be monitored by the Barclays Group for operational or business reasons.
Any opinion or other information in this email or its attachments that does not relate to the business of the Barclays Group is personal to the sender and is not given or endorsed by the Barclays Group.
Barclays Bank PLC. Registered in England and Wales (registered no. 1026167).
Registered Office: 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, United Kingdom.
Barclays Bank PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority ( Financial Services Register No. 122702).