Date: Thu, 4 Aug 2016 15:10:35 +0000
Subject: eOffice Launches Startup Support Programme, FREE Month Office Space in South Africa, Join B Fest 2016, 25% OFF “Instagram for Business” Workshop
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=160538&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=160538&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
August 2016
eOffice Launches the Startup Support Programme in London
We're delighted to announce the launch of the
eOffice Startup Support Programme
, an action oriented initiative supporting innovative entrepreneurs in the early stages of their growth. Through the programme, eOffice will provide a flexible workplace environment as well as mentoring and networking opportunities, leveraging members’ areas of expertise and combining resources to provide a more sustainable support. In conjunction with our business partners from the startup ecosystem, we will work to accelerate the pace of innovation and organise regular networking events to offer our startup community and the entrepreneurs within them the possibility to interact, exchange ideas and experience the benefits of coworking for their own advantage.
For only £199.99+VAT per person/month the programme offers: office space, super fast internet, access to networking events, mentoring, partnerships and negotiated deals with service providers [terms and conditions apply - limited to 6-8 companies - starting September 2016 for 4 months in eOffice Holborn, London].
For more information and to apply, email
startup@eoffice.net
FREE Month Office Space in South Africa
With 5 fully serviced business centres across South Africa and offering state-of-the-art technology and flexible workplace solutions, we are delighted to introduce
Cube Workspace
, the newest addition to our Global Network!
Are you an entrepreneur, growing business or established global company wanting to explore the many business opportunities in South Africa? If so, then look no further than Cube Workspace to meet all your business needs.
To celebrate our recent partnership, Cube Workspace is offering
FREE
Internet and 1-month
FREE
office space when signing an annual contract. Terms and conditions apply.
To claim your offer email us at
enetwork@eoffice.net
Join B Fest 2016: B Corps Festival of Better Business
Join B Lab UK between September 23rd and 25th in West Wales to celebrate their success one year from launch at
B Fest
! The B Corp community and friends will come together for an epic Saturday evening celebrating together in style, bookended by two days full of opportunities to connect and forge new friendships, to share powerful ideas and experiences about using business as a force for good, and to get out and explore the magnificent Pembrokeshire landscape.
B Fest is organised by B Corp which provides a framework and certification for companies wishing to benefit society as well as their shareholders [to know more click
B Corporation
].
When:
23-25 September 2016
Where:
West Wales, UK
BOOK
your ticket
NOW
!
25% OFF
Instagram for Business Workshop
Powered by Monkfeet
Monkfeet is back at eOffice this August with exciting workshops tracing your path to become a Social Media Guru! Did you know that
Instagram
is the fastest growing social media platform? eOffice will be hosting an evening class on Wednesday, August 17th form 18:30 until 20:30 showing you the latest Instagram trends and tools for your business.
BOOK
your ticket now and claim your 25% discount.
When:
17th
August 2016, 18:30 - 20:30
Where:
e
Office, Holden House, 57 Rathbone Place, W1T 1JU
25% OFF
using promo code
EOffice25
BOOK
your ticket now!
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here