Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2016 16:06:54 +0000
Subject: Flexibility the Key in Today's Workplace, FREE Tickets to The Lady Problems Global Hackathon Series, 25% OFF MogulCon, Great Deals in Office Solutions in Luxembourg and Paris
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=161581&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=161581&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
October 2016
Flexibility is the Key in Today's Workplace
Continuing our
Workplace Series
of interviews featured on our
blog
to meet the people behind London's most inspiring workspaces, this past September, our CEO, Pier Paolo Mucelli, visited
The Headspace Group
to meet with Founder and MD, Jonny Ronseblatt, where he shared his journey to success in today's ever-changing workplace world.
Click
HERE
to read through this insightful interview
The Lady Problems Global Hackathon Series
The Lady Problems Global Hackathon Series is setting out to answer that question. We’re challenging our community of 100,000+ women and men, developers, designers, entrepreneurs to create technology that will address the problems that prevent female entrepreneurship. And course, male allies are welcome too!"
Click
HERE
to book your FREE ticket with the code “
AngelNews
” (it is case sensitive)
October 8th - 9th, 9:00am - 6:00pm
Innovation Warehouse
1st Floor, 1 E Poultry Ave, EC1A 9PT, London
Meet Europe's Most Inspiring Founders at #MogulCon
Claim your 25% Discount
MogulCon is a two-day conference created to empower passionate business people. Come and learn from Europe's fastest growing startups & SMEs. Don’t miss a series of 30-minute keynotes at the Curzon Soho Cinema by some of the world’s best founders sharing their insights and actionable tactics for launching and growing a successful business.
HURRY! Tickets are selling fast
Click
HERE
to book your ticket and claim your
25% discount
with the code
“eOffice discount”
November 2nd - 3rd, 9:00am - 5:00pm
Curzon Cinema Soho
99 Shaftesbury Ave, W1D 5DY, London
Great Deals on Office Solutions in Paris and Luxembourg
We are thrilled to announce the newest addition to our Global Network! With two fully serviced offices in
Paris
and
Luxembourg’s
Central Business Districts,
Private Business Centre (PBC)
offers state-of-the-art technology along with an exclusive and quiet working environment.
If you are you an entrepreneur, growing business or established global company wanting to explore the many business opportunities in Central Europe, this might just be what you’re looking for!
To celebrate our recent partnership, PBC is offering the following deals:
1 month
FREE
rent
Office Space
when signing an annual contract
2 months
FREE
rent
Office Space
when signing a two-year contract
IT packs inclusive of
Telephone Line
and
Internet Connection
2 hours of
FREE Meeting Room
use per month
Offer valid until November 30th, 2016
Terms and conditions apply
Claim your offer
HERE
or email us at enetwork@eoffice.net
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here