Date: Mon, 29 Feb 2016 13:09:50 +0100
Subject: Re: Company upgrade order
From: "work@blueinvestment.co.uk" <work@blueinvestment.co.uk>
To: support@formationshouse.com,
	"FORMATION HOUSE" <support@accountscentre.com>,
	"STEVE Formations House" <steve@formationshouse.com>


Messrs,

According to your e-mail 29/02/2016 (Re: Statutory Notice - Overdue Annual return) i have duly filled your instruction and paid £ 15 as per copy attached.

Anyway I do not understand why you ask me to make a payment and do not use my credit . Please let me know my up dated balance.

Best regards

Paolo 


This e-mail may contain information that is confidential, privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure. If you are not an intended recipient of this e-mail, do not duplicate or redistribute it by any means. Please delete it and any attachments and notify the sender that you have received it in error. Unless specifically indicated, this e-mail is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation to buy or sell any products or other service, an official confirmation of any transaction . Any views or opinions presented are solely those of the author



Da: support@formationshouse.com
A: work@blueinvestment.co.uk
Cc: 
Data: Mon, 29 Feb 2016 11:50:51 +0000
Oggetto: Company upgrade order


 




ORDER INFORMATION

Shop:Formations House
Company Name:FPS WORLD INVESTMENT LTD 
Order No:188616 

Product Unit Price Quantity Total 
Annual Return Govt Filing Fee£ 151£ 15



Grand Total£ 15.00







If you are paying by cheque, please make it payable to AC Online Ltd
 

 
29 Harley Street
London W1G 9QR UK
 
 
 
Note: Please include the order Number and the name of your company on the back of your Cheque/Draft.If you prefer to pay in Euros of US Dollars, please contact our support team for details of our currency accounts. 
 
 
 
 
 Messrs,
According to your e-mail 29/02/2016 (Re: Statutory Notice - Overdue Annual return) i have duly filled your instruction and paid £ 15 as per copy attached.
Anyway I do not understand why you ask me to make a payment and do not use my credit . Please let me know my up dated balance.
Best regards
Paolo
This e-mail may contain information that is confidential, privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure. If you are not an intended recipient of this e-mail, do not duplicate or redistribute it by any means. Please delete it and any attachments and notify the sender that you have received it in error. Unless specifically indicated, this e-mail is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation to buy or sell any products or other service, an official confirmation of any transaction . Any views or opinions presented are solely those of the author
Da
: support@formationshouse.com
A
: work@blueinvestment.co.uk
Cc
:
Data
: Mon, 29 Feb 2016 11:50:51 +0000
Oggetto
: Company upgrade order
ORDER INFORMATION
Shop:
Formations House
Company Name:
FPS WORLD INVESTMENT LTD
Order No:
188616
Product
Unit Price
Quantity
Total
Annual Return Govt Filing Fee
£ 15
1
£ 15
Grand Total
£ 15.00
If you are paying by
cheque
, please make it payable to
AC Online Ltd
29 Harley Street
London
W1G 9QR
UK
Note: Please include the order Number and the name of your company on the back of your
Cheque/Draft.If
you prefer to pay in Euros of US Dollars, please contact our support team for details of our currency accounts.