Date: Thu, 8 Dec 2016 12:00:13 +0100
Subject: Re: BDI : UK Co : Urgent Response Required
From: "Mariano Franco Rivas" <frm.imperialmoonsa@europe.com>
To: "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Mr. Smith,
attached you will find the requirerd documents.
Detailed Business Activity:Wealth management
Expected Annual Turnover:USD 150.000.000
Kind regards
M.Franco
Sent:
Wednesday, December 07, 2016 at 4:09 PM
From:
"Steve Smith (Formations House)" <steve@formationshouse.com>
To:
frm.imperialmoonsa@europe.com
Cc:
'Formationshouse' <support@formationshouse.com>
Subject:
BDI : UK Co : Urgent Response Required
Dear
Mariano Franco Rivas
Thank you for your order for registering
UK
company
'BDI LIMITED'
.
----
Company Name ‘BDI' NOT Available:
We regret to inform you that company name was rejected because ‘
BDI
’ is considered to be the '
same as
' one of the existing names already registered. Please provide alternate company names to that we can check the availability and process application with available company name.
----
DUE DILIGENCE:
UK regulations now require us to establish the identity of all customers that we are providing services to. Therefore please provide documents and information as per followings:
Due Diligence Secretary, Director and Shareholder:
Please assist us in completing due diligence by providing color scan copies of following documents for company secretary, directors and shareholders
‘Mrs.
Martina Kafkova
'
,
‘
Mr Mariano Franco Rivas
’
and
‘
Mr Simone Carbone
’
.
Please make sure that scans are clear and in readable size and format.
1.
Proof of ID
- Valid Passport (bearer signature must be visible)
2.
Proof of Residential Address
- Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement. (issue date, name, address and account number must be visible)
Please do not send telephone, mobile, TV or internet bill, these are not acceptable. If the documents are not in English then you need to have them translated and notarized. And send original and translated copies.
Other Information for BDI LIMITED:
Detailed Business Activity:
Expected Annual Turnover:
----
Please provide us with above mentioned
Documents for Secretary, Director, Shareholder, Other Information for BDI LIMITED and Company Name
as soon as possible so that we can further proceed with your application.
----
If you require further information or assistance you can contact us by email, by phone or by live chat on our website.
----
Regards
Steve Smith
FORMATIONS HOUSE
Email :
support@formationshouse.com
;
steve@formationshouse.com
Phone : 0044-207-016-2727
Website :
www.formationshouse.com
Working hours : Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm (UK time)