Date: Mon, 4 Apr 2016 16:46:02 +0500
Subject: FW: INTERNATIONAL UNION DEVELOPMENT SOLIDARITY I.U.D.S. LTD I.U.D.S. Ltd Company Number. 8025714
From: "Oliver" <oliver@formationshouse.com>
To: <steve@formationshouse.com>

Take this one and process

 

From: International Union [mailto:iuds.ltd@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, April 01, 2016 8:50 PM
To: oliver@formationshouse.com
Subject: INTERNATIONAL UNION DEVELOPMENT SOLIDARITY I.U.D.S. LTD I.U.D.S. Ltd Company Number. 8025714

 

URGENT

 

Dear Mr. Oliver,

 

With reference to the position in object and our conversation today's, we are glad for asking your services  prevously  brought by  Accounts Buzz Helpdesk  and nowr for  renewing the ordinary services and keeping yearly in life the aforesaid company,  (last expiration date next May 9)  precisely: 

 

 • Preparation of Annual Accounts and e-filing with Companies House.

• Preparation of Corporation Tax Return (CT600) and e-filing with HMRC  

   (Inland   Revenue).

• Professional advice regarding your company’s Accounting & Taxation issues.

• Reminders for important deadlines related to Annual Accounts and Corporation Tax.

• Free review/amendment service for your Annual Accounts.

 

And all for the price of £ 300,00 (Three Hundred ) of which your webside internet  FORMATIONS HOUSE  and confirmed by you.   

 

Said this,  waiting for your reply for knowing next step,

  

Best regards

 

ProF. Filippo Dinacci, Lawyer

I.U.D.S.' s C.E.O. & President

0044 20 3289 4980

Skype: legaladvisor2

 

This message is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed, and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable laws. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by email and delete original message and any attachments. Thanks

Take this one and process
From:
International Union [mailto:iuds.ltd@gmail.com]
Sent:
Friday, April 01, 2016 8:50 PM
To:
oliver@formationshouse.com
Subject:
INTERNATIONAL UNION DEVELOPMENT SOLIDARITY I.U.D.S. LTD I.U.D.S. Ltd Company Number. 8025714
URGENT
Dear Mr.
Oliver,
With reference to the position in object and our conversation today's, we are glad for asking your services  prevously  brought by
Accounts Buzz Helpdesk  and nowr
for  renewing the ordinary services and keeping yearly in life the aforesaid company,  (
last
e
xpiration date next May 9)
precisely:
•
Preparation of Annual Accounts and e-filing with Companies House.
• Preparation of Corporation Tax Return (CT600) and e-filing with HMRC
(Inland
Revenue).
• Professional advice regarding your company’s Accounting & Taxation issues.
• Reminders for important deadlines related to Annual Accounts and Corporation Tax.
• Free review/amendment service for your Annual Accounts.
And all for the price of
£ 300,00
(
Three Hundred
) of which your
webside internet
FORMATIONS HOUSE
and confirmed by you.
Said this,  waiting for your reply for knowing next step,
Best regards
ProF. Filippo Dinacci, Lawyer
I.U.D.S.' s C.E.O. & President
0044 20 3289 4980
Skype: legaladvisor2
This message is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed, and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable laws. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by email and delete original message and any attachments. Thanks