Date: Tue, 12 Jul 2016 13:06:52 +0100
Subject: Brexit - Now that the dust has settled
From: "Simon O'Connor" <simon@companybureau.ie>
To: "Steve Smith" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Steve,
No doubt you are aware of the seismic shock that was Brexit which we all woke up to a couple of weeks back.
Now that the dust has settled and things are slightly clearer, you might be looking at how this may impact upon your client’s future plans for business expansion and optimising their taxes.
Incorporating in Ireland represents an excellent choice should any of your clients require a company with a low corporate tax rate that is a 100% committed EU member. Ireland remains the only predominantly English-speaking country in the Eurozone, and in two years, the EU. Some of the main advantages of setting up a company in Ireland include:
Ireland has an excellent international corporate image.
In 2014, Forbes ranked Ireland as the best country in the world to do business
Low corporate taxes with a universal rate of 12.5% on trading profits (0% until 2019 for most companies who employ local staff)
The new Knowledge Development Box (KDB) allows a corporate tax rate of just 6.25%
The newest consolidated company legislation in the world (Companies Act 2014)
Companies can be incorporated with just 1 euro share capital
Excellent Holding Company Regime and Agency Agreements can be used also
Extensive network of over 50 Double Taxation Treaties including the US.
The 7th most competitive economy in the world according to the 2016 IMD World Competitiveness Yearbook
The only fully English-speaking jurisdiction in the Eurozone, committed European Union and EEA Member.
Excellent telecommunications and transport infrastructure.
Low capitalisation costs when compared with most EU jurisdictions.
Ideal for international Joint Ventures where participants wish to incorporate in a neutral state.
For more information and a free consultation on incorporating a company in Ireland on behalf of your client, please don’t hesitate to contact Andrew Lambe or Philip Hayden on +353 1 6461625 or e-mail
formations@companybureau.ie
Best regards,
Simon O Connor