Date: Wed, 10 Aug 2016 18:45:20 +0500
Subject: FW: Update to company
From: "Oliver" <oliver@formationshouse.com>
To: <sarah@formationshouse.com>,
	<steve@formationshouse.com>,
	<felix@formationshouse.com>,
	<rachel@formationshouse.com>,
	<shawn@formationshouse.com>,
	<michaelgomes@formationshouse.com>

 

 

From: Charlotte Pawar [mailto:cp@knowledgepath.co.uk] 
Sent: Wednesday, August 10, 2016 6:19 PM
To: 'Syed Fahad Waheed'; 'Oliver'
Subject: Update to company

 

 

Dear All Staff

 

As you are all aware we have been making changes in the company to reflect
the requirements of the UK company obtaining its investment for the projects
we secured in February

As part of this we need all employment contracts to be under the new company
name and for compliance and other reasons we are need each person to print
and sign the below and give to Mr Fahad to maintain for our records

 

I would also like to ask all keep this confidential and do not discuss our
change of company with anyone outside of the company.

 

The new company is setup and we are waiting on the bank account to be open
in order to submit salaries under this. 

The date of the resignation is 1st July, and new contracts are issued from
that same date so that July salaries are paid under this

 

I understand the changes in structure may have caused some financial
constraints short term, as salaries have been late fro London, but please be
assured everything is close to being back up and smooth 

 

On Friday at 11am I would like to hold a company conference call and discuss
the projects, changes and general business with all staff

 

It is important for every member of staff to understand that each person has
a significant role in the success of our business and the projects we are
now going into with the investment that is being raised will have an amazing
impact of all our lives. I want everyone to feel part of this success.

 

One further comment, for reasons that I will explain fully on Friday, please
do not discuss this email or our business changes with Mr Raheem. I
understand this may seem abrupt but there are reasons I would llike to
justify on Friday for us to become and remain very cautious of him.

 

Many Thanks

Kind Regards

Charlotte

 

 

Notice of Resignation

1st July 2016

 

Dear Sir,

 

Please accept this letter as a notice of resignation from my position at
InfiniLogic.

 

Please note my resignation is issued with immediate effect.

 

Kind Regards,

 

 

From:
Charlotte Pawar [mailto:cp@knowledgepath.co.uk]
Sent:
Wednesday, August 10, 2016 6:19 PM
To:
'Syed Fahad Waheed'; 'Oliver'
Subject:
Update to company
Dear All Staff
As you are all aware we have been making changes in the company to reflect the requirements of the UK company obtaining its investment for the projects we secured in February
As part of this we need all employment contracts to be under the new company name and for compliance and other reasons we are need each person to print and sign the below and give to Mr Fahad to maintain for our records
I would also like to ask all keep this confidential and do not discuss our change of company with anyone outside of the company.
The new company is setup and we are waiting on the bank account to be open in order to submit salaries under this.
The date of the resignation is 1
st
July, and new contracts are issued from that same date so that July salaries are paid under this
I understand the changes in structure may have caused some financial constraints short term, as salaries have been late fro London, but please be assured everything is close to being back up and smooth
On Friday at 11am I would like to hold a company conference call and discuss the projects, changes and general business with all staff
It is important for every member of staff to understand that each person has a significant role in the success of our business and the projects we are now going into with the investment that is being raised will have an amazing impact of all our lives. I want everyone to feel part of this success.
One further comment, for reasons that I will explain fully on Friday, please do not discuss this email or our business changes with Mr Raheem. I understand this may seem abrupt but there are reasons I would llike to justify on Friday for us to become and remain very cautious of him.
Many Thanks
Kind Regards
Charlotte
Notice of Resignation
1
st
July 2016
Dear Sir,
Please accept this letter as a notice of resignation from my position at InfiniLogic.
Please note my resignation is issued with immediate effect.
Kind Regards,