Date: Tue, 5 Apr 2016 13:00:23 +0000
Subject: eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference, The Founders Series Presents, Iran's Hyped Coworking and Startup Scene, 3 Months FREE Coworking in Singapore, FREE Zipcar Membership
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=158534&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=158534&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
APRIL 2016
eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference 2016
Book your ticket now!
We are thrilled to announce the third edition of the eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference.
This year’s programme has been organised in collaboration with The Social Workplace, a unique discussion led event exploring the human side of the modern workplace and the most pressing questions facing real estate, employee wellbeing and community powered workplace environments.
Don't miss out on this fantastic two-day event with experts from the workplace industry unveiling key trends, and insightful location visits including
eOffice
,
Spaces
,
WeWork
,
HuckleTree
and
RunwayEast
.
Spaces are limited so book your now!
Taking place on 9th – 10th June in London, The eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference offers a special
Early Bird Rate
to our
eOffice Global Network Partners
. This offer is valid until April 11th 2016.
When:
9-10 June, 2016
Where:
Unique workspaces across London
BOOK your ticket
HERE
The Founders Series Presents Farzana Baduel and Matteo Berlucchi
Don't Miss to RSVP Your Spot!
After a successful launch we are thrilled to announce The Founders Series upcoming events this April.
Join us @eOffice Soho and meet Farzana Baduel, Founder of Curzon PR and Matteo Berlucchi, CEO of Your.MD, who will be sharing their successful career journey and advise. Check out their exciting profiles.
JOIN NOW!
Tuesday 12th April Farzana Baduel (Founder Curzon PR)
Wednesday 20th April Matteo Berlucchi (CEO Your.MD)
Iran's Hyped Coworking and Startup Scene
Interview With Our Partner NPSN Center
Recently described by the Guardian newspaper as “a maze of interconnected people trying to come up with ideas to make it big quickly”, Tehran’s startup scene is definitely experiencing a hype.
With a MacBook in one hand and a Starbucks coffee in the other, you can spot young and energetic Iranian entrepreneurs – a scene very different from the norms of 10 years ago.
In tune with this trend and a forward thinking approach, our business centre partner
NPSN
, located in Tehran and currently expanding, provides the needed flexible workplace environment for any business to thrive. We caught up with
Sadegh Yasdani, Founder NPSN Centre
to learn more about his pioneering journey in the shared office sector in Iran.
Read full interview
HERE
3 Months FREE Coworking in Singapore
Strategically located in Singapore’s Downtown Core, our eOffice Partner -
JustCo
offers inspiring and creative coworking and private office solutions for entrepreneurs and growing businesses.
Wish you could work in The Lion City and the world's unique island city-state? Start your first
3 months FREE
at JustCo, when signing an annual contract and enjoy working in Singapore’s glittering city district all year round!
To claim your offer send us an email at
enetwork@eoffice.net
FREE Zipcar Membership with Amazing Deals!
Zipcar is the UK’s largest pay as you go car club giving members access to wheels when they want them. Thanks to our partnership with Zipcar you can enjoy great deals starting form £4.79 an hour or a Zip
van from £8.13 an hour. What’s even better is that these prices include insurance, 60 miles of free fuel, and the congestion charge!
eOffice members are eligible for a FREE 1 year Zipcar for business account (normally £99) and one free driver (£10 each).
Take up this offer and join the Zipcar team
NOW
: www.zipcar.co.uk/eoffice
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here