Date: Thu, 7 Jul 2016 15:02:17 +0000
Subject: FREE Company Formation in UK, Pi Labs Third Cohort and ‘Demo Day’, The UK PropTech Ecosystem, 40% OFF Office Space in Jakarta and Bali, 15% OFF Berlin's Open Tech Festival 2016
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=160120&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=160120&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
July 2016
FREE Company Formation in UK!
With the recent devaluation of the Sterling, following the Brexit blues and the recent announcement from the Chancellor of a potential corporation tax reduction to 15%, there has never been a better time to set up a business in London!
For every
Virtual Office Package
purchased for a minimum term of 12 months we will offer you a
UK Limited Company
incorporation
FREE
of charge.
If you would like to take advantage of this offer, email us at
hello@eoffice.net
and quote
CF2016
(offer valid until 31.08.2016 after which normal pricing will resume).
‘Demo Day’ Marks the Culmination
of
Pi Labs' 3rd Cohort
Founded with the idea to identify, mentor, invest in and accelerate high-calibre startups, Pi Labs is Europe’s first VC platform to invest and support early stage ventures in the Property Tech (PropTech) sector.
Since its launch in 2014, nearly 1,000 companies have applied to the Pi Labs Accelerator, but only 5 per cohort are selected, to take part in the 13-week accelerator programme designed to fast track their growth.
The accelerator programme will culminate on July 21st ‘Demo Day’ where the five startups comprising the third cohort of the programme, will pitch to over 150 potential investors.
Click
HERE
for more information about Pi Labs
and this year’s cohort.
Today's UK PropTech Ecosystem
The number of UK PropTech startups emerging within the industry is growing at an extraordinary rate. This infographic shows a thorough map of all the UK property technology companies rising up through the ranks. Due to the industry’s rapid growth and in order to keep track of new emerging companies, this infographic is only a first draft and will be regularly updated to illustrate the current numbers of PropTech companies present in the UK.
For more information and new updates please visit the
UK PropTech Ecosystem infographic
.
40% OFF Office Space in Jakarta and Bali
eOffice Global Network Partner,
Marquee Executive Offices
, is the leading premium serviced office provider in
Indonesia
.
This July, Marquee is offering eOffice Members
40% OFF Office Space
in two selected locations in
Jakarta
and
Bali
: Marquee Plaza Tower and Marquee Bali.
Offering a one-stop business solution, its range of services includes office space, virtual office, videoconferencing, meeting and conference facilities, in addition to company formation, legal advisory, tax and accounting services (offer to be claimed before the end of July).
Email us now at
enetwork@eoffice.net
and claim your
40% DISCOUNT
15% OFF Berlin's Tech Open Air Festival
Are you passionate about technology and up for an open air adventure?
Tech Open Air 2016 (TOA16)
, is a three-day technology festival in Berlin fusing together
art, music, and technology
.
The festival will take place on
July 13th-15th
in Berlin
, and with just 1 week to go until the 5th edition of this remarkable interdisciplinary tech festival, we’re delighted to offer
eOffice clients a 15% discount
to attend.
Gain exposure, connect and grow at
TOA16
with 7,500+ attendees, 100+ speakers from 30+ countries and 150+ satellite events.
This year's speakers include co-founders of
Duolingo, Flickr, Axel Springer SE, VSCO
and
HelloFresh
.
To claim your discount click
HERE
or send an email to
enetwork@eoffice.net
When:
13th – 15th July 2016
Where:
Funkhaus Berlin, Nalepastraße 18, 12459 Berlin Germany
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here