Date: Mon, 12 Sep 2016 22:03:15 +0500
Subject: Fwd: My Review and Bonus
From: Talal Desin <talaldesin@gmail.com>
To: "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <Steve@formationshouse.com>

Talal...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <steve@formationshouse.com>
Date: Aug 13, 2016 1:51 AM
Subject: My Review and Bonus
To: "Charlotte Pawar" <cpqueries@accountscentre.com>
Cc:

Hi Charlotte,



I hope you are doing well.



This message should come to you through Rizwan or Fahad, but as lots of
things are going in the company and they are completely engage in it, so I
thought why not make things easy for them a bit and I speak to you directly
about my review and bonus.



I have already spoken with Fahad and Rizwan but because since changes are
coming along I completely understand that you and them should be pretty
busy and loads of things to be done to resolve issues that we are facing at
the moment. So whenever you get sometime please look into the following and
advice:



I joined the company in 2010 and my review date is 16th June each year,
therefore next month I am expecting bonus. While thinking about it I
remember that as per company’s policy from 5th year I get 3 bonuses so this
year I get 3 bonuses but actually I should have gotten 3 bonuses from the
last year. Which I totally forgot and it came to me last week. I confirmed
with Fahad and Rizwan that if I am correct and they acknowledged and said
that they will speak to you that this year I should get 4 bonuses to cover
the 1 bonus which was missed last year.



Secondly, I have 4 orders with total amount of GBP 1035, dated between
2013-2015, payments were received but payments were not processed because
client neither replied for providing due diligence documents nor asked for.
Can I ask for commission on these orders? I have attached report on these
orders.



Thirdly, I have 9 orders with total amount of GBP 550, dated between 2014
to early 2016, which I missed to mention in previous sales sheets because
payment were received very late, one payment is 18 months late. Let me know
if should add these orders in my next sales sheet or provide a separate
sheet for these orders ?



And lastly, hearing and seeing all the changes, thought of Mr. Ali came to
my mind and I wanted to speak to you. It is now almost a year when Mr. Ali
passed away, I feel that I did not gave proper condolences to you and I am
very sorry for that. When I heard the news I was shocked too and it
continued for few days because my thoughts of him were as if he was a
‘superman’ and nothing can happen to him. In beginning everybody in the
company use to have nick names, Mr. Ali was ‘Neural’ and for sure he was
very strong and a very good man. I was very young when I first joined the
company in 2002 and I was trained by him. I never met him in person but we
use to talk on phone a lot and he gave me all the training I need. For me
he was the boss, trainer and a mentor. Somewhere I still cannot believe
that he is gone. May his soul rest in peace. Amen



Regarding missing bonus, reasons to forget, I assume that at that time it
was Mr. Qamar’s responsibility to inform accounts when to upgrade bonus but
he resigned before the time, I was also going through divorce and child
custody and was stressed during that period and then Mr. Ali left us. These
could be the reasons that few things got out of hand and now pleased to see
that it is coming back to its place.



Also please convey my condolences and regards Ms. Denise my second boss,
from time to time she also helped in learning.



Please look in to my above requests and advice me on it.



Thank you.



Sincerely



Talal Desin….


__________ Information from ESET NOD32 Antivirus, version of virus
signature database 13950 (20160812) __________

The message was checked by ESET NOD32 Antivirus.

http://www.eset.com
Talal...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <
steve@formationshouse.com
>
Date: Aug 13, 2016 1:51 AM
Subject: My Review and Bonus
To: "Charlotte Pawar" <
cpqueries@accountscentre.com
>
Cc:
Hi Charlotte,
I hope you are doing
well.
This message
should come to you through Rizwan or Fahad, but as lots of things are going in
the company and they are completely engage in it, so I thought why not make
things easy for them a bit and I speak to you directly about my review and
bonus.
I have already
spoken with Fahad and Rizwan but because since changes are coming along I completely
understand that you and them should be pretty busy and loads of things to be
done to resolve issues that we are facing at the moment. So whenever you get sometime
please look into the following and advice:
I joined the
company in 2010 and my review date is 16
th
June each year, therefore
next month I am expecting bonus. While thinking about it I remember that as per
company’s policy from 5
th
year I get 3 bonuses so this year I get
3 bonuses but actually I should have gotten 3 bonuses from the last year. Which
I totally forgot and it came to me last week. I confirmed with Fahad and Rizwan
that if I am correct and they acknowledged and said that they will speak to you
that this year I should get 4 bonuses to cover the 1 bonus which was missed
last year.
Secondly, I have
4 orders with total amount of GBP 1035, dated between 2013-2015, payments were
received but payments were not processed because client neither replied for
providing due diligence documents nor asked for. Can I ask for commission on
these orders? I have attached report on these orders.
Thirdly, I have
9 orders with total amount of GBP 550, dated between 2014 to early 2016, which I
missed to mention in previous sales sheets because payment were received very
late, one payment is 18 months late. Let me know if should add these orders in
my next sales sheet or provide a separate sheet for these orders ?
And lastly, hearing
and seeing all the changes, thought of Mr. Ali came to my mind and I wanted to
speak to you. It is now almost a year when Mr. Ali passed away, I feel that I did
not gave proper condolences to you and I am very sorry for that. When I heard
the news I was shocked too and it continued for few days because my thoughts of
him were as if he was a ‘superman’ and nothing can happen to him. In
beginning everybody in the company use to have nick names, Mr. Ali was ‘Neural’
and for sure he was very strong and a very good man. I was very young when I first
joined the company in 2002 and I was trained by him. I never met him in person
but we use to talk on phone a lot and he gave me all the training I need. For
me he was the boss, trainer and a mentor. Somewhere I still cannot believe that
he is gone. May his soul rest in peace. Amen
Regarding
missing bonus, reasons to forget, I assume that at that time it was Mr. Qamar’s
responsibility to inform accounts when to upgrade bonus but he resigned before
the time, I was also going through divorce and child custody and was stressed during
that period and then Mr. Ali left us. These could be the reasons that few
things got out of hand and now pleased to see that it is coming back to its
place.
Also please convey
my condolences and regards Ms. Denise my second boss, from time to time she
also helped in learning.
Please look in
to my above requests and advice me on it.
Thank you.
Sincerely
Talal Desin….
__________ Information from ESET NOD32 Antivirus, version of virus signature database 13950 (20160812) __________
The message was checked by ESET NOD32 Antivirus.
http://www.eset.com