Date: Fri, 18 Nov 2016 15:58:21 +0300
Subject: ATB CONSORTIUM GROUP LIMITED
From: Андрей Никоноров <nicosgroup@mail.ru>
To: support@accountscentre.com <support@accountscentre.com>,Steve Smith (Formations House) <steve@formationshouse.com>,support <support@formationshouse.com>


Dear Sir, 

Our client wrote an email that before February 2017 (near the date of next annual return) he will change UK administator of the company ATB CONSORTIUM and change reg.office address. So he wants us to provide him authentication code for this actions. 

Could you please provide it? I will send it to client just after your solving problems with CT600 submission. 

Client is too nervous person, just cause troubles to us. He shouts and always say that he will write to Company House about our and your (formationhouse) bad job. He does not want understand any logical explanations. Its really impossible to continue cooperation with him. Our work day starts from his emails and calls and finish with the same. Even though there were not any problems with his annual accounts. He finds new and new and new reasons to call and shout to us.
It can not continue like this anymore. We wish he will change UK administrator just after New year 2017.
  It would be really better for us and for you if this client will go to other UK administrators. 

So please send me that authentication code as soon as possible. When CT return will be ready, i will send him CT return and authentication code and thats all. 

Best wishes, Ekaterina.


-- 
Dear Sir,
Our client wrote an email that before February 2017 (near the date of next annual return)
he will change UK administator of the company ATB CONSORTIUM and change reg.office address.
So he wants us to provide him authentication code for this actions.
Could you please provide it? I will send it to client just after your solving problems with CT600
submission.
Client is too nervous person, just cause troubles to us. He shouts and always say
that he will write to Company House about our and your (formationhouse) bad job.
He does not want understand any logical explanations. Its really impossible to continue cooperation with him. Our work day starts from his emails and calls and finish with the same. Even though there were not any problems with his annual accounts. He finds new and new and new reasons to call and shout to us.
It can not continue like this anymore. We wish he will change UK administrator just after New year 2017.
It would be really better for us and for you if this client will go to other UK administrators.
So please send me that authentication code as soon as possible.
When CT return will be ready, i will send him CT return and authentication code and thats all.
Best wishes,
Ekaterina.
--