Date: Wed, 13 Jan 2016 10:04:05 +0000
Subject: 25% OFF Virtual Office Central London, 25% OFF PR Workshop, SEW 2016 Week, Is Lisbon the "new Berlin", Special Offer Coworking in Rome
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=157124&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://sut8.co.uk/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=157124&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
JANUARY 2016
25% OFF Virtual Office in Central London
Treat your business for the New Year with a prime
business address in Central London
. Don’t miss our exclusive 25% discount on all eOffice Virtual Office packages. Sign before
31st January
for a minimum 12 months contract and get quarter of the price OFF.
For more information about out Virtual Office packages:
VIEW HERE
Claim your offer my sending an email to
hello@eoffice.net
stating discount code
eOfficeVO25
*Offer valid only for 2016.
eOffice co-organizer of Startup Europe Week London
1-5th February
eOffice has joined forces with prominent “ecosystem players” such as Uber, AngelsCube, Startup Manufactory and Studio Graphene to name a few, to jointly set up a series of events, bringing together entrepreneurs who will showcase their projects and reciprocally learn about recourses such as local grants, subsidies, office spaces funding opportunities, etc.
Startup Europe Week is an international event organized for the first time under the endorsement of the European Commission, aiming at creating a series of initiatives all over Europe in the week 1-5 February 2016, focused on getting together regional authorities to present resources and benefits available to local entrepreneurs.
Stay tuned for more updates and list of events. For more info please visit:
http://startupeuropeweek.eu/
Feel like joining one of Rome’s most inspiring startup communities?
Design-led and trendy, our eOffice partner
Pick Center
offers a range of professional and stylish workspace and meeting rooms for growing companies in one of the most beautiful European capitals – Rome. With an expanding startup and entrepreneurial community, Pick Center can accommodate your business, whether you are in need of a private or shared office, or you prefer to mingle along like-minded professionals in their spacious coworking area.
Don’t miss
Pick Center’s January offers
for office space, meeting rooms and virtual office and become part of the exciting startup scene in Rome. For more information on current offers please email
rome@eoffice.net
Is Lisbon the "new Berlin" for startups and entrepreneurs?
Crowned by the EU as the most entrepreneurial region in Europe for 2015, Lisbon has emerged on the startup map as an attractive destination for startups as well as inventors, looking to capitalize on low rents and affordable tech and digital talent. Sunny, inexpensive and with buzzing social life, Lisbon has become a desired destination for people with a business drive and an idea. A main role in this scene plays our long-term eOffice partner –
Avila Business Centre and Coworking
based in 
the centre of Lisbon, Portugal.
To learn more about this rising trend we sit down with our partner
Carlos Goncalves, CEO Avila Business Centre
who shared his insightful view on the startup ecosystem of Lisbon and what makes their coworking practice so successful.
Read full interview on the
eOffice Blog
25% OFF "How to Use Video Footage & Create a PR Plan for your Business" workshop at eOffice
powered by Monkfeet
The power of PR lies in its ability to garner third party endorsement from the media that matter in your sector. Don’t miss this insightful class with instructor -
Jessica Huie - Founder Jessica Huie PR
, with client rosters including renowned names such as Simon Cowell, Mariah Carey and Versace to name a few.
Visibility in the media will open the door to new commercial opportunities with key partners, and PR is the tool for differentiating yourself from competitors and positioning yourself as a ‘Go-to’ force within your industry to ultimately increase sales. Attendees will be coached through creating a personal
12-month PR plan
for their individual business and taught how to communicate their key messages on screen.
Where:
eOffice, 4th Floor, Holden House, 57 Rathbone Place, W1T 1JU
When:
Tuesday, 19th Jan 2016, 18:00-21:00
Book HERE
Get 25% OFF with code:
eOffice25
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here