Date: Tue, 9 Feb 2016 10:45:53 +0000
Subject: 15% OFF Seedstarts Summit, Greenwill 2016 Green Policy, Join the Founders Series, 20% OFF Office Day in Rome, Our Stamp of Excellence
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=157630&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://sut8.co.uk/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=157630&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
FEBRUARY 2016
15% OFF for the Seedstars World Summit
After 8 months travelling around the world in search of the best startups in more than
50 cities
, our partner
Seedstars Worlds
are now inviting you to their emerging market’s foremost tech and innovation conference -
Seedstars World Summit
. The grand show will be attended by top investors, corporates and entrepreneurs along with 55+ startups from emerging tech hubs around the world competing for equity investment of up to $1mn!
Get ready for this exciting event filled with breakout sessions, panel discussions and specialized workshops and meet the best minds from the fast growing startup scenes of Africa, Asia, LATAM, CEE and the MENA region!
When:
3 March 2016-02-02
Where:
Swiss Tech Convention Centre, Route Louis-Favre 2, 1024 Ecublens, Switzerland
Book your ticket with special 15% OFF
GREENWILL 2016 Green Policy
Now Available in 25 Languages
Our partner
GREENWILL
– the global, non-profit initiative, offers a free standardized environmental policy worldwide. This completely voluntary path offers companies and individuals the chance to adopt an environmentally friendly practise for their business.
The
GREENWILL 2016 Green Policy
is now available in 25 languages, offering clear guidelines on how to make your practice greener.
Join the movement and download the new 2016 Green Policy in your language
DOWNLOAD HERE
Calling at all Founders!
Join the new Founders Series
We are thrilled to launch and invite you to join our new venture –
The Founders Series
. In the course of the next 12 months we will be regularly gathering prominent Founders from the most interesting and fastest growing businesses in London to share insights, best practise and industry know-how. You will have the chance to connect and exchange ideas with Founders and CoFounders in small focused groups as well as meet leading professionals from every industry sector.
Join the Founders Series and get updated about upcoming events and meetups.
JOIN NOW
Business Trip to Rome?
Get 20% OFF Day Office and Meeting Rooms
When in Rome, create the right professional image! With stylish workspace environment and fully equipped meeting rooms for web or video-conferencing, our
eOffice partner Pick Center
, offers flexible office solutions, tailored to your needs. Share knowledge, contacts and business ideas with the community of like-minded professionals, expanding your international connections and reach. What’s more, we promice you will be in good hands! The attentive team of Pick Center has hands on approach to all your requirements so you can focus on your work.
Claim your exclusive
20% OFF
for a
Day Office and Meeting Room
usage by sending an email to
rome@eoffice.net
*Offer valid till 29th February 2015
THANK YOU for giving us you stamp of EXCELLENCE!
We are so overwhelmed by the positive feedback of our members! Reading captions such as
“Best and most efficient share office”
,
“Perfect location, polished and modern Offices”
and
“
Best place to set up a new business”
, to mention a few, makes us extremely happy and motivated to always top our high-quality services and workplace environment for teh best office experience. We connect entrepreneurs, freelancers and growing companies worldwide to tailored business solutions and workplaces, so they can focus on successfully running their business. And we are glad to hear we achieve our mission with excellence!
Check out what others say about eOffice.
Click Here
Want to share your thoughts? We will be thrilled to hear about your eOffice experience.
Click Here
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here