Date: Tue, 1 Nov 2016 17:19:06 +0000
Subject: Free Virtual Office, Varsity Pitch Finals, WORKTECH16 London, WorkLab Accelerator at eOffice, Free Office Solutions in Mumbai
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=162040&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=162040&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
November 2016
2 Months FREE Virtual Office Worldwide
Are you looking for the benefits of a prime location office without the overheads or red tape? This month we are featuring a unique Virtual Office promotion, offering November and December
FREE
when signing a 12-month agreement. Give your business a global presence with the luxuries of a traditional office and the flexibility to work on your own terms anywhere you want.
Locations on offer include:
London, Lisbon, Stockholm, Barcelona, Amsterdam, The Hague, Eindhoven, Rotterdam, Utrecht, Dubai, Istanbul, Singapore, Manila, Kuala Lumpur, Bali, Hong Kong, Johannesburg, Cape Town, Durban
and many more!
Offer valid until November 30th, 2016
Terms and conditions apply
Claim your offer
HERE
or email us at
enetwork@eoffice.net
FREE Varsity Pitch Grand Finals by NACUE
Looking for the highest quality of fresh entrepreneurial talent? Don’t miss the
Grand Final of NACUE's Varsity Pitch
on the
15th of November from 14:00 at RBS Building at Bishopgate
.
This is an opportunity to meet the top student and graduate entrepreneurs across the country competing for 10K equity free funding.
Register
HERE
Attendance is free!
Varsity Pitch Grand Finals at RBS
250 Bishopsgate EC2M 4AA London
Tuesday, 15 November 2016, 14:00 - 18:00
Book your place
NOW
!
WORKTECH16 London
Are you passionate about the future of work and the workplace?
WORKTECH16 London
is a forum created for professionals involved in all aspects of Work, Technology and the Workplace. The event will take place in London on the
9th and 10th of November at Level 39 Technology Accelerator
. Don’t miss out on this two-day programme of stimulating debates, cutting-edge ideas and disruptive discussions brought together by senior thought-leaders and world-class speakers.
Book your place
HERE
!
Workplace16 London at Level 39
One Canada Square E14 5AB London
Wednesday 9th and Thursday 10th November 2016
Book Masterclass and Conference
HERE
!
20% OFF Startup Summit
Over 800 startups, entrepreneurs and investors will arrive in Edinburgh this November for one of the most exciting entrepreneurship events in the UK.
Startup Summit
is bringing together world-leading entrepreneurs from across the globe, to share ideas, inspiration, and advice on how to start and grow your business. Expect world-class speakers – including our keynote speaker, Duncan Logan, founder of Rocketspace – master-class workshops and the chance to network with CEO’s and founders from companies ranging from global brands to the hottest new startups.
Click
HERE
to book your ticket and claim your
20% discount
using the code
eOffice_20
Startup Summit at Assembly Rooms
54 George Street EH2 2LR Edinburgh
Monday, 14th November 2016, 9:00 - 17:00
Book your ticket
HERE
Claim your
20% OFF
using promo code
eOffice_20
Free Office Space and Meeting Rooms in Mumbai
Are you an entrepreneur, growing business or established global company exploring Mumbai for business opportunities? We are thrilled to announce our Mumbai partner
Empire Business Centre
exclusive offer:
1 month
FREE
rent Office Space when signing an annual contract
2 months
FREE
Virtual Office services when signing an annual contract
1 hour of
FREE
Meeting Room
Offer valid until November 30th, 2016
Terms and conditions apply
Claim your offer
HERE
or email us at
mumbai@eoffice.net
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here