Date: Thu, 2 Jun 2016 16:11:55 +0000
Subject: One Week Until The eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference, Take a 30-day "Workation" with Unsettled Adventures, FLIR: Hack the Heat & Maker Challenge, 2 MONTHS FREE Office Space in Hong Kong
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=159473&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=159473&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
June 2016
One Week Until The eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference
London, 2016
The countdown has begun, we are officially 1 WEEK away from the 3rd annual
eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference
and we couldn't be more excited!
We are thrilled to welcome our attendees visiting London from over 20 countries around the world to share their global visions into the future of the flexible office and visit some of London’s coolest and most creative workspaces including
eOffice
,
Spaces
,
WeWork
,
HuckleTree
and
RunwayEast
.
This two-day event, tailored to our international coworking and business centre partners, will be taking place in London on June 9th and 10th.
Last tickets remaining! If you want to learn more about the latest trends in the office sector, meet and network with professionals from the workplace industry worldwide and visit the most innovative workspaces in London, hurry up
BOOK
your ticket and be part of this amazing event!
The eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference
offers a
Special Rate
to our eOffice Global Network Partners.
BOOK HERE!
If you are interested to attend the
Friday Event
only you can
BOOK
your place
HERE
When:
9-10 June, 2016
Where:
London's most inspiring workspaces
eOffice
,
Spaces
,
WeWork
,
HuckleTree
,
RunwayEast
Take a 30-day "Workation" with Unsettled Adventures
Looking for a Summer retreat to boost your productivity at work? We're excited to pass along a great opportunity to break out of the office for a 30-day "workation" with our new partners
Unsettled Adventures
.
The 30-day coworking retreats are created especially for entrepreneurs, creatives, and digital nomads to connect, create, and collaborate in world-renowned destinations. Unsettled brings together the founders of technology companies, social entrepreneurs, developers, designers, award winning artists, and other successful creatives to work remotely and connect with local entrepreneurs in communities worldwide.
Check out their upcoming retreats in Bali, Cuba, Japan, New Zealand, and Jeju Island at
http://www.beunsettled.co
and don’t miss their generous
$100 discount
to eOffice members for any of their retreats. Just mention
“eOffice”
in the application, and they'll take care of the rest!
VISIT
Unsettled Adventures
HERE
AngelHack is Back in London with FREE Tickets for the FLIR: Hack the Heat & Maker Challenge
FLIR
and
AngelHack
are turning up the heat in
London
from the 17th till the 19th of June with a software hacker/hardware maker challenge like no 
other.
The challenge is open to new and existing projects.
Sign-up and compete
for the
GRAND
prize valued at over 11K!
Come
#HackTheHeat
with
@FLIR
in
#LND
Visit:
http://hacktheheat.com/
When:
17th – 19th June 2016
Where:
Innovation Warehouse
1st Floor, 1 E Poultry Ave, London, EC1A 9PT
2 MONTHS FREE Office Space in Hong Kong
Design-led and trendy, our eOffice partner
BRIDGES Hong Kong Business Centre
offers a range of contemporary and stylish workspace and meeting rooms for growing companies in Hong Kong.
With an expanding startup and entrepreneurial community,
BRIDGES
can accommodate your business in no time!
Their fully furnished offices enable you to sit down, plug in and be operational instantly.
Wish you could work in the heart of Hong Kong? Get
2 MONTHS RENT FREE
when signing serviced office for 12 months.
To claim your offer send us an email at
enetwork@eoffice.net
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here