Date: Tue, 1 Nov 2016 13:56:36 -0000
Subject: RE: DIGITAL BANK LTD - due diligence instructions
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <cp@knowledgepath.co.uk>
To: "'Steve Smith \(Formations House\)'" <steve@formationshouse.com>

OK

 

Well we need to sensitively get as much information out of this customer

 

1.       We need up to date proof of address - times 2

2.       From where will the funds be sent, and what authority does he have,
ie. Is it his own bank account, will it be a solicitor etc.. then we can
request additional paperwork if needed

3.       We will also need to have for our records the purpose of his
purchasing this name, intended business and intended location of customers

4.       Does the new owner have any experience in the intended business
activity

 

Registered address will need to be moved before the next year. The first
year fees are higher due to the sensitive name nature

 

Also ask when we file the updated confirmation statement at companies house
they will ask to select wherever dormant or input a sic code, so customer
wil need to inform of

 

For anyone else appointed we will need

Passport

2 proofs of address

Position in the business

Background in industry

Share structure

 

Thanks

 

From: Steve Smith (Formations House) [mailto:steve@formationshouse.com] 
Sent: 01 November 2016 10:47
To: 'Charlotte Pawar' <cp@knowledgepath.co.uk>
Cc: 'Oliver' <oliver@formationshouse.com>
Subject: DIGITAL BANK LTD - due diligence instructions

 

Hi Charlotte

 

client has agreed to pay GBP 54000 for

 

DIGITAL BANK LTD

05/04/2004

05094809

GBP 75000

 

Attach are id docs of client from a previous order, he has been advice to
send in updated documents.

 

Please advice what due diligence will be required if he appoints himself or
any other person as company director and shareholder.

 

Client is already informed that he cannot open bank account for the company.

OK
Well we need to sensitively get as much information out of this customer
1.
We need up to date proof of address – times 2
2.
From where will the funds be sent, and what authority does he have, ie. Is it his own bank account, will it be a solicitor etc.. then we can request additional paperwork if needed
3.
We will also need to have for our records the purpose of his purchasing this name, intended business and intended location of customers
4.
Does the new owner have any experience in the intended business activity
Registered address will need to be moved before the next year. The first year fees are higher due to the sensitive name nature
Also ask when we file the updated confirmation statement at companies house they will ask to select wherever dormant or input a sic code, so customer wil need to inform of
For anyone else appointed we will need
Passport
2 proofs of address
Position in the business
Background in industry
Share structure
Thanks
From:
Steve Smith (Formations House) [mailto:steve@formationshouse.com]
Sent:
01 November 2016 10:47
To:
'Charlotte Pawar' <cp@knowledgepath.co.uk>
Cc:
'Oliver' <oliver@formationshouse.com>
Subject:
DIGITAL BANK LTD - due diligence instructions
Hi Charlotte
client has agreed to pay GBP 54000 for
DIGITAL BANK LTD
05/04/2004
05094809
GBP 75000
Attach are id docs of client from a previous order, he has been advice to send in updated documents.
Please advice what due diligence will be required if he appoints himself or any other person as company director and shareholder.
Client is already informed that he cannot open bank account for the company.