Date: Thu, 15 Dec 2016 10:18:44 +0000
Subject: A Year in Review: The eOffice Network reaches +250 locations! Launch of The Workplace Series, Workplace Conference in London, Partnering Organizations, 7th Europe Coworking Conference
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=163176&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=163176&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
December 2016
Wondering what we've been up to this year?
eOffice Global Network Reaches +250 Locations!
At
eOffice
w
e strive to create value for our Global Network partners as well as our members. We are excited to announce that the
eOffice
Global Network
has reached over 250 coworking spaces and boutique serviced offices around the world. We are now present in over
60 countries and 120 cities
! Some 
of our new additions include partners in new cities such as
Frankfurt,
Seville, Turin, The Hague, Ankara, Izmir, Tehran, Pune, Guayaquil, Dallas, Houston, Seattle, Alexandria, Jacksonville, and
Charlotte.
Each partner and each loca
tion
is
u
nique but we all come together by creating collaborative workspaces and sharing the same values of contemporary design, advanced on-demand technol
ogy. At
eOffice
we
strive to create value 
for our Global Network partners as well as our members.
Thank you all for your collaboration and continued support, we look forward to a successful 2017 together!
eOffice Launches The Workplaces Series
Meeting the People Behind London's Coolest Workspaces
We were delighted to introduce a new series of interviews featured on a weekly basis on our
B
log
. The purpose is for our audience to meet the people behind London's most inspiring workspaces.
Each interview is conducted by eOffice CEO, Pier Paolo Mucelli, who visits each space meeting with its founder to learn more about their journey to success creating one of London's trendiest workspace.
Our published interviews so far include the founders of
Huckletree
, The Brew
,
Rainmaking Loft
,
Tobacco Dock, Us&Co, Library
,
Home House
,
Interchange
,
RunwayEast
,
Eight Club
,
Headspace Group
,
The Clubhouse
,
The Office Group
, and
Office Space in Town
.
Visit our
Blog
to learn more about these inspiring workplaces and how they came to live.
Stay tuned for more insightful interviews coming in 2017!
eOffice Workplace Conference 2016
Highlights of our Global Network Partner Conference!
It’s time to bring back great memories and unforgettable moments shared with our Global Network Partners this June during our
3rd eOffice Flexible Workplace Conference
. This unique and tailor made two-day event was designed for our international coworking and business centre partners to provide a fresh approach of the latest workplace trends leading to the future.
We visited some of London’s coolest and most creative workspaces including
eOffice, Spaces, WeWork, HuckleTree
and
RunwayEast
.
We surrounded ourselves with a group of talented and like-minded professionals and learned from a selected list of inspiring keynote speakers including:
Kristoffer Brock
, Chief Commercial Officer, United Spaces (Sweden),
Shahzad Bhatti
, Founder, ShareThisSpace.ae (UAE),
Micol Bottazzi
, Special Projects, Copernico (Italy)
,
Phil Woodward
, CEO, IngressOne,
Jonathan Weinbrenn
, Senior Director, The Instant Group,
David Hellard
, Co-Founder, Zipcube,
Ben Johnson
, Strategic Business Development Manager, Xero, and
Pier Paolo Mucelli
, Founder, eOffice among 
others.
Stay tuned for next year’s event, it’s an unmissable opportunity!
Our Partners
Forward-Thinking Organisations Working Alongside eOffice!
We're committed to providing the best service possible for both our international network partners and clients. To meet this promise and offer the best in workplace services and value added benefits, we now collaborate with several dozen forward-thinking organisations from different sectors including the
Startup Ecosystem, Angel and Investment Networks, Service Providers, Education, Networking Events, Media, Social Responsibility and Supported Charities
.
Some of our new partnerships established this year include
HandsOn Startup Tour, Collider, Beeleev, WORKTECH, London Food Tech Week, Beta Page,
Joosr,
and
Future Offices NYC
among others.
Visit our website or click
HERE
to find out more about our Marketing and Business Partners
Europe Coworking Conference
Brussels 2016 - We're on a Roll!
eOffice Attends the 7th Europe Coworking Conference
- We were delighted to attend The Europe Coworking Conference for the seventh year in a row. Presentations, master classes and workplace visits were organised during this year's event which took place in Brussels from the 28th until the 30th of November.
Over 400 delegates from more than 50 countries attended this fantastic event which keeps getting bigger and better every year! A very special thank you goes to Jean-Yves Huwart and the whole Europe Coworking team for organising this wonderful conference.
For more highlights on our latest adventure in Brussels visit our latest article features on our
Blog
and stay tuned for next 
year's Europe Coworking Conference
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here