Date: Tue, 7 Jun 2016 02:11:52 +0300
Subject: Re: UK Company Registration from www.formationshouse.com
From: "Kai Matussek" <kaimatussek00@gmail.com>
To: "Steve Smith \(Formations House\)" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Hi Steve

please incorporate a UK (LIMITED) Private Limited Company by Shares for us.

We need also:
- a bank account (how fast can we get this?)
- a VAT number (how is the chance to get one?)

Company name: Footrepublic”
Let me know if the name is free or not. Otherwise we choose another company name.
Attached you can see the copy if the ID (/German ID and German residency) and the utility bill. Let me know what is missing to proceed and send me the bill.
We will also need the address register service from you. Either at your address or if you can organize this at any other address service company in London (which then maybe can forward us all kind of letters by email)


regards



From: Steve Smith (Formations House) 
Sent: Monday, April 25, 2016 8:03 PM
To: kaimatussek00@gmail.com 
Cc: support@formationshouse.com 
Subject: UK Company Registration from www.formationshouse.com

Dear Georgi Tsanev 

 

 

Thank you for your interest in our services.

 

 

We can certainly assist you in registering a company in UK or Offshore and also assist you in processing company's bank account in UK or Offshore.

 

 

In UK you can register following type of companies:

 

1. UK (LIMITED) Private Limited Company by Shares

2. UK (LLP) Limited Liability Partnership

 

 

1. Private Limited Company by Shares:

 

The cost for registration is GBP 50, registration will be done within 2-3 working days.

 

Basic Requirements are:

 

- Minimum 1 human director (UK or non-UK)

- Minimum 1 shareholder (director can also be a shareholder)

- Registered Office Address must be a Valid UK postal address

 

Private Limited Company by Shares whether doing business in UK or outside of UK is liable for corporation tax in UK.

 

 

2. UK (LLP) Limited Liability Partnership:

 

UK LLP is ideal for foreign nationals looking for a tax-efficient commercial structure, whilst maintaining a corporate presence in the UK. A Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) is a company established between at least two partners.

 

An LLP allows for a tax-efficient strategy as they are considered “fiscally transparent” by HMRC, so the Partnership itself is not taxed, only the profits that go directly to the partners are taxed. As the partners are taxed directly, this means:

 

- Non-UK residents will only pay UK tax on income that was earned in the UK, so any trade occurring offshore from the UK will only be taxed at the partner’s usual tax rate, depending on their country of residency;

 

The cost to register a LLP company in the UK is 500 GBP; the time required to complete the procedure is 3-4 weeks.

 

The two basic requirements to form a UK LLP are:

 

1. A registered address in the UK (i.e. England, Scotland or Wales)

2. Minimum two partners required.

 

If you cannot provide 2nd partner for UK LLP, then you can choose Nominee Partner service for GBP 400 per annum. We will register an offshore company for you by appointing you as the director and shareholder in the offshore company and appoint the offshore company as the 2nd partner in UK LLP.

 

 

Registered Address Service:

 

If you cannot provide Registered Office Addess, you can use our Registered Address service for GBP 25 for the 1st year. Mails ONLY from Companies House and HMRC will be received and forwarded to you.

 

 

Information of Offshore Company Registration:

 

We provide offshore company registration in following jurisdictions:

 

- Seychelles Company Registration – GBP 390 (annual renewal GBP 400)

- BVI Company Registration – GBP 590 (annual renewal GBP 700)

- Belize Company Registration – GBP 390 (annual renewal GBP 500)

- Hong Kong Company Registration – GBP 595 (annual renewal GBP 1200)

 

 

Benefits of having an offshore company:

 

• Tax efficiency ('0' corporation tax) 

• No capital gains taxes, inheritances taxes and death duties 

• All dividends, interest, royalties, rents, compensations and other amounts are exempt from the payments of income tax 

• Minimal ongoing compliance requirements 

• The information of directors, officers and shareholders is kept confidential. 

• Only one shareholder is required 

• Only one director is required 

• The sole director can also act as the shareholder 

• No need to appoint any operating officers 

• No nationality or residence restrictions for company directors or shareholders 

• Companies and individuals both can act as company directors, secretary and shareholders 

• Beneficial owners are allowed 

• Board meetings can be held anywhere in the world 

• No requirement to carry out an annual general meeting 

• Meetings can be held using telephone or other electronic means 

• No need to file annual returns 

• No need to prepare and submit accounts and to hire auditors 

• Books and records of the company can be maintained anywhere in the world 

• No need to get the shares book or the minutes of meeting certified by any authority 

• No minimum or maximum share capital requirement 

 

Offshore company registration processing time is 10-15 working days.

 

 

Bank Account:

 

Bank Account Processing service charges are GBP 500 and processing time is from 4 weeks to 8 weeks.

 

For UK companies we can process bank account with Barclays Bank in UK or with an offshore bank in St. Vincent Islands.

 

For offshore companies we can only process bank account with offshore bank in St. Vincent Islands.

 

To have a UK bank account, company director presence is required in UK. Once we submit your request to the bank, bank will give us the date and time for you and you will need to come to UK to attend the meeting.

 

Or you can choose to have offshore bank account where company director presence is not required and bank account can be processed remotely.

 

Terms and Conditions for bank account:

 

- Cannot provide bank account service to nationals/residents of USA and Iran either human or corporate.

- Offshore Bank do not accept transactions in USD, only EURO or GBP currency is acceptable.

- We do not guarantee bank account opening, final decision is taken by bank and our service charges are non-refundable.

 

 

Documents required for due diligence for company formation:

 

Scan color copies of following documents are required for company beneficial owner/director/s and shareholder/s. Please make sure that scans are clear and in readable size and format.

 

1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport (bearer signature must be visible)

2. Proof of Residential Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement. (date, name, address and account number must be visible)

 

(Please do not send telephone, mobile, tv or internet bill, these are not acceptable.)

 

If you choose Offshore Company Registration then above documents must be NOTARIZED.

 

 

If you require further information or assistance you can contact me at info@formationshouse.com or steve@formationshouse.com or 0044-(0)207-016-2727 Monday to Friday 10am to 7pm GMT.

 

 

Regards

 

Steve Smith

 

FORMATIONS HOUSE

www.formationshouse.com

 



__________ Information from ESET NOD32 Antivirus, version of virus signature database 13352 (20160418) __________

The message was checked by ESET NOD32 Antivirus.

http://www.eset.com
Hi Steve
please incorporate a
UK 
(LIMITED) Private Limited Company by Shares
for us.
We need also:
- a bank account (how fast can we get this?)
- a VAT number (how is the chance to get one?)
Company name: Footrepublic”
Let me know if the name is free or not. Otherwise we choose another company 
name.
Attached you can see the copy if the ID (/German ID and German residency) 
and the utility bill. Let me know what is missing to proceed and send me the 
bill.
We will also need the address register service from you. Either at your 
address or if you can organize this at any other address service company in 
London (which then maybe can forward us all kind of letters by email)
regards
From:
Steve Smith (Formations House)
Sent:
Monday, April 25, 2016 8:03 PM
To:
kaimatussek00@gmail.com
Cc:
support@formationshouse.com
Subject:
UK Company Registration from 
www.formationshouse.com
Dear 
Georgi Tsanev
Thank 
you for your interest in our services.
We 
can certainly assist you in registering a company in UK or Offshore and also 
assist you in processing company's bank account in UK or 
Offshore.
In 
UK you can register following type of companies:
1. 
UK (LIMITED) Private Limited Company by Shares
2. 
UK (LLP) Limited Liability Partnership
1. 
Private Limited Company by Shares:
The 
cost for registration is GBP 50, registration will be done within 2-3 working 
days.
Basic 
Requirements are:
- 
Minimum 1 human director (UK or non-UK)
- 
Minimum 1 shareholder (director can also be a shareholder)
- 
Registered Office Address must be a Valid UK postal 
address
Private 
Limited Company by Shares whether doing business in UK or outside of UK is 
liable for corporation tax in UK.
2. 
UK (LLP) Limited Liability Partnership:
UK 
LLP is ideal for foreign nationals looking for a tax-efficient commercial 
structure, whilst maintaining a corporate presence in the UK. A Limited 
Liability Partnership (LLP) is a company established between at least two 
partners.
An 
LLP allows for a tax-efficient strategy as they are considered “fiscally 
transparent” by HMRC, so the Partnership itself is not taxed, only the profits 
that go directly to the partners are taxed. As the partners are taxed directly, 
this means:
- 
Non-UK residents will only pay UK tax on income that was earned in the UK, so 
any trade occurring offshore from the UK will only be taxed at the partner’s 
usual tax rate, depending on their country of residency;
The 
cost to register a LLP company in the UK is 500 GBP; the time required to 
complete the procedure is 3-4 weeks.
The 
two basic requirements to form a UK LLP are:
1. 
A registered address in the UK (i.e. England, Scotland or 
Wales)
2. 
Minimum two partners required.
If 
you cannot provide 2nd partner for UK LLP, then you can choose Nominee Partner 
service for GBP 400 per annum. We will register an offshore company for you by 
appointing you as the director and shareholder in the offshore company and 
appoint the offshore company as the 2nd partner in UK LLP.
Registered 
Address Service:
If 
you cannot provide Registered Office Addess, you can use our Registered Address 
service for GBP 25 for the 1st year. Mails ONLY from Companies House and HMRC 
will be received and forwarded to you.
Information 
of Offshore Company Registration:
We 
provide offshore company registration in following 
jurisdictions:
- 
Seychelles Company Registration – GBP 390 (annual renewal GBP 
400)
- 
BVI Company Registration – GBP 590 (annual renewal GBP 
700)
- 
Belize Company Registration – GBP 390 (annual renewal GBP 
500)
- 
Hong Kong Company Registration – GBP 595 (annual renewal GBP 
1200)
Benefits 
of having an offshore company:
• 
Tax efficiency ('0' corporation tax)
• 
No capital gains taxes, inheritances taxes and death duties
• 
All dividends, interest, royalties, rents, compensations and other amounts are 
exempt from the payments of income tax
• 
Minimal ongoing compliance requirements
• 
The information of directors, officers and shareholders is kept confidential.
• 
Only one shareholder is required
• 
Only one director is required
• 
The sole director can also act as the shareholder
• 
No need to appoint any operating officers
• 
No nationality or residence restrictions for company directors or shareholders
• 
Companies and individuals both can act as company directors, secretary and 
shareholders
• 
Beneficial owners are allowed
• 
Board meetings can be held anywhere in the world
• 
No requirement to carry out an annual general meeting
• 
Meetings can be held using telephone or other electronic means
• 
No need to file annual returns
• 
No need to prepare and submit accounts and to hire auditors
• 
Books and records of the company can be maintained anywhere in the world
• 
No need to get the shares book or the minutes of meeting certified by any 
authority
• 
No minimum or maximum share capital requirement
Offshore 
company registration processing time is 10-15 working 
days.
Bank 
Account:
Bank 
Account Processing service charges are GBP 500 and processing time is from 4 
weeks to 8 weeks.
For 
UK companies we can process bank account with Barclays Bank in UK or with an 
offshore bank in St. Vincent Islands.
For 
offshore companies we can only process bank account with offshore bank in St. 
Vincent Islands.
To 
have a UK bank account, company director presence is required in UK. Once we 
submit your request to the bank, bank will give us the date and time for you and 
you will need to come to UK to attend the meeting.
Or 
you can choose to have offshore bank account where company director presence is 
not required and bank account can be processed remotely.
Terms 
and Conditions for bank account:
- 
Cannot provide bank account service to nationals/residents of USA and Iran 
either human or corporate.
- 
Offshore Bank do not accept transactions in USD, only EURO or GBP currency is 
acceptable.
- 
We do not guarantee bank account opening, final decision is taken by bank and 
our service charges are non-refundable.
Documents 
required for due diligence for company formation:
Scan 
color copies of following documents are required for company beneficial 
owner/director/s and shareholder/s. Please make sure that scans are clear and in 
readable size and format.
1. 
Proof of ID - Valid Passport (bearer signature must be 
visible)
2. 
Proof of Residential Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR 
electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement. (date, name, address 
and account number must be visible)
(Please 
do not send telephone, mobile, tv or internet bill, these are not 
acceptable.)
If 
you choose Offshore Company Registration then above documents must be 
NOTARIZED.
If 
you require further information or assistance you can contact me at 
info@formationshouse.com or steve@formationshouse.com or 0044-(0)207-016-2727 
Monday to Friday 10am to 7pm GMT.
Regards
Steve 
Smith
FORMATIONS 
HOUSE
www.formationshouse.com
__________ 
Information from ESET NOD32 Antivirus, version of virus signature database 13352 
(20160418) __________
The message was checked by ESET NOD32 
Antivirus.
http://www.eset.com