Date: Tue, 8 Mar 2016 10:42:02 +0000
Subject: The Founders Series, 50% OFF EntrepreneurCountry Forum, CLUBHOUSE BRERA Launch, FREE Month Cowoking in Faro, Get £20 from LOVESPACE
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://sut8.co.uk/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=158102&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://sut8.co.uk/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=158102&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
MARCH 2016
The Founders Series has Launched
Don't Miss to RSVP Your Spot!
We are thrilled to announce the launch of
The Founders Series,
our new eOffice venture to be held
@eOffice Soho
. Join us for our first event with
Rajeeb Day, Founder & CEO of Enternships.com,
who will be sharing his successful career journey, marked by his young Entrepreneur of the Year 2009 Award all the way to being acknowledged as the World's Youngest Young Global Leader in the 2012.
Check out the exciting profile of Founders, joining us in the upcoming events this month and don’t miss their inspiring business journey and advice.
JOIN NOW
Thursday 10th March
Rajeeb Dey (Founder Enternships)
Wednesday 16th March
Federico Pirzio-Biroli (Founder Playfair Capital)
Tuesday
12
th
April
Farzana Baduel (Founder Curzon PR)
Wednesday 20th April
Matteo Berlucchi (CEO Your.MD)
50% OFF EntrepreneurCountry Global Forum
The EntrepreneurCountry Global Forum is one of the longest running annual events of its kind in Europe. It allows entrepreneurs to network with 500 key decision makers from leading SMEs, corporates and investors to connect, discuss the future and listen to the great entrepreneurs of today. Guest speakers will include
EntrepreneurCountry Global Founder & CEO Julie Meyer, entrepreneur and philanthropist Michael Tobin, Evrythng Co-founder & Chief Marketing Office Andy Hobsbawm, Crowdcube Co-Founder Luke Lang, and Intel CTO Simon Hunt.
Taking place on 19 April in London, EntrepreneurCountry Global offers a speacil
50% discount to members and friends of the eOffice.
When:
19th April, 2016, 9.00AM – 18.00PM BST
Where:
The Royal Institution of Great Britain, 21 Albemarle Street , W1S 4BS London, United Kingdom
BOOK
with your 50%
HERE
Welcome to CLUBHOUSE BRERA
The new venture of our partner Copernico
Imagine a former theatre, redesigned and brought back to life with
Copernico
’s celebrated stamp of elegance and innovation, encapsulating the concepts of beauty, comfort and flexibility. A place where change happens, where people can give voice to their visions, projects, business networks, know-how and ideas for the future. Yes, this is Copernico CLUBHOUSE Brera, housed in a majestic building at Foro Buonaparte 22, an exclusive address in the historical centre of Milan.
Whether you are looking for an alternative to your office, a private meeting room or simply a comfortable place to work in peace,
CLUBHOUSE BRERA
is there to interpret your every need with an inimitable standard of excellence.
FREE Month Coworking in Paradise
Located in Faro, Portugal, our eOffice Partner -
FARO
Avenida Business Center
offers stylish and flexible workplace solutions for entrepreneurs and growing businesses located or simply visiting this picturesque capital of the Algarve region.
Wish you could work in the sunshine and in style? Get a
FREE month
of coworking, full-time office space or virtual office at Faro Avenida, when signing an annual contract and enjoy the ocean breeze all year round.
To claim your offer send us an email at
enetwork@eoffice.net
Your £20 Credit For Great Value Storage with our partner LOVESPACE
We Collect. We Store. We Deliver
.
LOVESPACE has helped thousands live a bigger life, one box at a time. LOVESPACE collects for free from any UK address, stores for as long as you need, and delivers back to any UK address. Whether you're moving office, decluttering your workspace, or looking to outsource logistics and distribution for your growing business, LOVESPACE has got you covered.
Visit
LOVESPACE.co.uk/business
for your exclusive eoffice £20 credit: just enter promo code
EOFFICE16
at check-out.
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
eNetwork
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here