Date: Thu, 8 Sep 2016 11:17:37 +0000
Subject: Calling All MadTech Startups, French Square Launches at eOffice Holborn, NACUE Varsity Pitch Competition 2016, Meet Office Space in Town's CEO, 20% OFF Business Solutions in Tehran
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=161050&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=161050&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
September 2016
Calling All Early-Stage MadTech Startups
Are you a MadTech Startup or entrepreneur? Did you know that MadTech is possibly the most important space in business today? We are thrilled to annouce that applications for the
MadTech Collider Class of 2017
programme are now open! So, if you’re looking for incredible corporate
connections
, dedicated one-to-one
coaching
, and up to
£80K funding
to supercharge your business, this is the programme for you!
Applications will be short-listed on a rolling basis until
October 16th, 2016
Apply via F6S today or email Eduardo at
epaperini@collider.io
for more information
First Incubator for French-Speaking Entrepreneurs in London Launches at eOffice Holborn
Are you a French-speaking startup or entrepreneur looking to grow in the UK and beyond?
French Square
, the organisation gathering the largest community of French-speaking entrepreneurs in London has recently launched the
first incubator for French-speaking entrepreneurs
.
We are thrilled to announce the partnership between
eOffice
and
French Square
with the incubator opening at our
Holbor
n
centre, offering 16 workstations along with a wide range of services which include: individual coaching, business advice, business model support, access to mentors and institutions, access to the French Square’s directory and database, promotion via social media channels and media 
partners.
For more information email us at
startup
@eoffice.net
One Week Until NACUE's Varsity Pitch Competition
Are you an exceptional young entrepreneur, looking to grow your business? Are you studying or recently graduated?
NACUE's Varsity Pitch
could offer you just the fuel you need to propel your business to the next steps! Pitch your business or business idea in a 60-second video for your chance to win £10,000 equity-free funding for your business.
eOffice will offer FREE virtual office services to all 2016 Varsity Pitch semi-finalists!
HURRY! Applications close
Friday,
September
23rd
, 2016
Click
HERE
to find out more
Meet Office Space in Town's CEO Giles Fuchs
This is the first of a new series of interviews to be featured on a weekly basis on our
blog
. The purpose is for our audience to meet the people behind London's most inspiring workspaces.
For our first feature, eOffice CEO, Pier Paolo Mucelli, visited
Office Space in Town
in Mayfair, where he interviewed Giles Fuchs, Office Space in Town CEO and Co-founder to learn more about their journey to success as one of London's trendiest workspace.
Click
HERE
to read through this insightful interview
20% OFF Business Solutions in Tehran
In tune with Tehran’s trendy entrepreneurial and forward thinking approach, our Global Network Partner,
NPSN Center
, offers stylish and flexible office solutions for entrepreneurs and growing businesses located or simply visiting the Iranian Capital.
Looking to work in comfort and style from Tehran?
Get 20% OFF all workplace solutions, virtual office services and business consultations.
To claim your offer send us an email at
enetwork@eoffice.net
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here