Date: Thu, 13 Oct 2016 08:10:56 +0000
Subject: Join Creative Industries Federation,TechItalia London Meetup, Belgian TV at eOffice Holborn, 20% OFF Food Tech Week, 25% OFF MogulCon
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=161721&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=161721&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
October 2016
Great Deals to Join The Creative Industries Federation
The Creative Industries Federation is the national membership organisation bringing together all of the UK’s arts, creative industries and cultural education to provide an authoritative and united voice in a way never done before. The Federation is a unique network offering the potential for exciting new commercial and cultural collaborations.
The Creative Industries Federation is delighted to partner with eOffice to offer its clients a preferential deal, valid until 31st October 2016.
For more information email us at
hello@eoffice.net
* Photo credit: Ben Broomfield. Richard Alston Dance Company: The Richard Alston Dance Company performing at the Federation's First Anniversary Celebration at Television Centre in January 2016
TechItalia
An Entrepreneur's Meeting Point for Italians in London
With new intriguing, ingenious, and creative entrepreneurs, startups and SME's joining, the TechItalia London Meetups are getting busier by the minute. Recently surpassing its 1,000 members, TechItalia is the first Italian Tech Community in London.
The meetup is organised by informal monthly gatherings dedicated to Italian professionals, entrepreneurs and startups based in London. Every month, a selected number of members introduce their businesses to the audience. The pitching session is then followed by a networking
aperitivo
in a professional yet relaxed atmosphere.
Join us for the next
#TechItalia
Meetup!
Wednesday, October 26th, 18:00 onwards
European Bank of Reconstruction and Development
1 Exchange Square, London, EC2A 2JN
Belgian TV Interviews French Square at eOffice Holborn
Last Wednesday, October 5th, Canal Z Television, a Belgian economic and financial information channel, visited eOffice Holborn to interview Charles Van Overmeire, Managing Director at
French Square
, on the short-to-medium term impact of Brexit for startup businesses and entrepreneurs
French Square
is the organisation gathering the largest community of French-speaking entrepreneurs in the UK. It has recently launched the first incubator for French-speaking entrepreneurs in London.
The incubator is based in eOffice Holborn and aims to foster the sharing of best practices, experiences, and ideas between French-speaking entrepreneurs living in the UK or overseas.
For more information about French Square and joining details email us at
startups@eoffice.net
Get 20% OFF Tickets to Food Tech Week 2016!
London Food Tech Week
is the world’s largest week-long celebration, showcase, and collaboration
of 
companies and trends transforming the Food ecosystem through tech innovation.
Running from
Monday 17th October to Friday 21st October 2016
, the week i
s all about bringing together big and small players to tackle challenges in food and agriculture: startups, creators, i
nnovators, entrepreneurs, industry-leading brands, and investors.
eOffice is
partnering with
#FoodTechWeek
this year, and to celebrate, you can get
20% OFF
all ticket packages.
Don't miss out on this fantastic opportunity to learn, foster partnerships, grow your network and help your business enhance its impact on Food Tech
.
October 17th - 21st, London
Book your ticket
HERE
and claim your
20% OFF
with the code “
EOFFICE20
”
Email us at
hello@eoffice.net
if you require instructions to use your discount
*This offer is valid until 14.10.16 11AM
Get 25% OFF Tickets to MogulCon
Join us and meet Europe's most inspiring founders!
MogulCon is a two-day conference created to empower passionate business people. Come and learn from Europe's fastest growing startups & SMEs. Don’t miss a series of 30-minute keynotes at the Curzon Soho Cinema by some of the world’s best founders sharing their insights and actionable tactics for launching and growing a successful business.
HURRY! Tickets are selling fast
Click
HERE
to book your ticket and claim your
25% discount
with the code “
eOffice discount
”
November 2nd - 3rd, 9:00am - 5:00pm
Curzon Cinema Soho
99 Shaftesbury Ave, W1D 5DY, London
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Office Space
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here