Date: Fri, 18 Mar 2016 06:39:16 +0500
Subject: huma
From: Talal Desin <talaldesin@gmail.com>
To: talaldesin@hotmail.co.uk, Steve@formationshouse.com

Huma…


I don’t know exactly what went wrong between us, why we stopped talking.
You said that you are now busy with work that is why we are not talking
that much. But this is not true because we are not talking at all, and the
kind of response I am getting from you seems that there is something very
very wrong.


When we for the first time started talking, I felt warmth in your messages;
I actually use to see you in front of me with a naughty smile typing your
messages. Waking up in the morning my first was you and end of the day my
last was you. But now I am not feeling the warmth, closeness I dying to see
your naughty smile but I cannot because now your messages are giving me a
vision of you which is very cold, rude and upsetting. Reason that you are
busy is not a reason, instead it feels like revenge.


Revenge is a strong word, but let me explain. What I am going to say now
you might oppose because the way I was thinking about you, I can never ever
think or maybe I don’t wanted think, not even for single second that you
didn’t liked me. Still cannot believe what you are doing to me right now.
The feeling that you are sending with your messages are cold and rude and I
still see you in front me but you are upset. And I strongly believe no
matter what you say that I am responsible, I hurt you.


I may be dreaming that you liked me in a way that I do because you are so
so good and I am just a guy who all of his life till now is looking for a
partner actually a best friend in a partner with whom I can live life, have
fun, go crazy and do not care about anything except you. You are so good, I
can say you are a reason to live and live to make you happy and see you
smile all the time.


I actually felt the change in you and it was not after your job, it during
when you were only taking interviews, it was my fault, not yours. You were
always making an effort to communicate and it was a sincere effort. I was
one who was slow to respond. I saw your excitement in your messages, I even
heard your excitement when we talked on phone for the first time, again it
was you who made a sincere effort. It was a short call and I still remember
your words, you said ‘ap boltay bhi acha hain’.


Huma, mujhay bahut acha laga tha uss din. L I am sorry.


All the way it was my fault, I think about you everyday, not a single day
there is when I have not missed you, missed exchange of emoticons, sending
messages like kids… you sending me your pictures making face at me….aaahhh.
HUMA HUMA I am sorry. Please never repeat this in front of anybody I
sometimes cry in my prayers for you.


I know you are still the same but not for me because I have hurt you, I
made you think that I took you for granted and I was least bothered but I
was not. There was something else which hold me back. Huma, feelings were
there as it is they are now. And I swear Huma, you are my first who I have
purposed. I cannot lie to you, in my life whatever I have said to you and
whatever I will say to you will be true.

Huma please forgive me and give me a chance to prove myself that I am
worthy enough for you. I want to tell you what happened and want you to
understand me. You must be thinking what has got into Talal, yes something
happened and I did things and said things to people which were buried into
since years. I was afraid to say, I was afraid to do, but it’s all gone
now. I wanted you then and I want you now and will always want you. Before
I was crying and letting you go thinking that I don’t deserve you. But now
I cannot let you go because thoughts of losing you are haunting me all the
time. And it triggered something, somehow there is bhundar of confidence, I
have become very blunt and outspoken. So much blunt that I called a family
meeting gave them all of my thoughts over the years and told them to stop
poking on my decisions. Either they are with me or not with me does not
matter to me anymore.


Only thing that matter to me now is you. I thinking of my future and it is
you everywhere cannot think it without you.  You are the reason that now I
am trying to live a life that I want to, you give me life, happiness and
everytime I see your face I fall in love again and again and again. And in
that life I want you with me, I promise that i LOVE YOU till the end.


Huma please yar, please give me a chance. Please wapis ajao ek dafa. Please
wasay he ho jao…


Please…


Huma mein koi champion nahin, koi extra-ordinary quality nahin, aam insan
hon, job karta, simple life have. Sath chahta hone ek bahut achay dost ka…
jo meray liyea tum mein hai.


Yeh qasam khata hon hamesha tumhain piyar karonga aur kabhi takleef nahin
donga… ek dafa chance do aur mujhay pura sunlo… din lagain itni sari batain
karnay mein.. phir decide karna.. laiken please baat tou karo…


Manay kaha tha na mein thoda filmi… sachi ankh mein anso hain J, please
kisi ko batana nahin…


Please wapis ajao…
Huma…
I don’t know exactly what went wrong between us, why we
stopped talking. You said that you are now busy with work that is why we are
not talking that much. But this is not true because we are not talking at all,
and the kind of response I am getting from you seems that there is something
very very wrong.
When we for the first time started talking, I felt warmth in
your messages; I actually use to see you in front of me with a naughty smile
typing your messages. Waking up in the morning my first was you and end of the day
my last was you. But now I am not feeling the warmth, closeness I dying to see
your naughty smile but I cannot because now your messages are giving me a vision
of you which is very cold, rude and upsetting. Reason that you are busy is not
a reason, instead it feels like revenge.
Revenge is a strong word, but let me explain. What I am
going to say now you might oppose because the way I was thinking about you, I
can never ever think or maybe I don’t wanted think, not even for single second
that you didn’t liked me. Still cannot believe what you are doing to me right
now. The feeling that you are sending with your messages are cold and rude and
I still see you in front me but you are upset. And I strongly believe no matter
what you say that I am responsible, I hurt you.
I may be dreaming that you liked me in a way that I do
because you are so so good and I am just a guy who all of his life till now is
looking for a partner actually a best friend in a partner with whom I can live
life, have fun, go crazy and do not care about anything except you. You are so
good, I can say you are a reason to live and live to make you happy and see you
smile all the time.
I actually felt the change in you and it was not after your
job, it during when you were only taking interviews, it was my fault, not
yours. You were always making an effort to communicate and it was a sincere
effort. I was one who was slow to respond. I saw your excitement in your
messages, I even heard your excitement when we talked on phone for the first
time, again it was you who made a sincere effort. It was a short call and I still
remember your words, you said ‘ap boltay bhi acha hain’.
Huma, mujhay bahut acha laga tha uss din.
L
I am sorry.
All the way it was my fault, I think about you everyday, not
a single day there is when I have not missed you, missed exchange of emoticons,
sending messages like kids… you sending me your pictures making face at me….aaahhh.
HUMA HUMA I am sorry. Please never repeat this in front of anybody I sometimes
cry in my prayers for you.
I know you are still the same but not for me because I have
hurt you, I made you think that I took you for granted and I was least bothered
but I was not. There was something else which hold me back. Huma, feelings were
there as it is they are now. And I swear Huma, you are my first who I have
purposed. I cannot lie to you, in my life whatever I have said to you and whatever
I will say to you will be true.
Huma please forgive me and give me a chance to prove myself
that I am worthy enough for you. I want to tell you what happened and want you
to understand me. You must be thinking what has got into Talal, yes something
happened and I did things and said things to people which were buried into
since years. I was afraid to say, I was afraid to do, but it’s all gone now. I
wanted you then and I want you now and will always want you. Before I was
crying and letting you go thinking that I don’t deserve you. But now I cannot
let you go because thoughts of losing you are haunting me all the time. And it triggered
something, somehow there is bhundar of confidence, I have become very blunt and
outspoken. So much blunt that I called a family meeting gave them all of my
thoughts over the years and told them to stop poking on my decisions. Either they
are with me or not with me does not matter to me anymore.
Only thing that matter to me now is you. I thinking of my
future and it is you everywhere cannot think it without you.  You are the reason that now I am trying to
live a life that I want to, you give me life, happiness and everytime I see
your face I fall in love again and again and again. And in that life I want you
with me, I promise that i LOVE YOU till the end.
Huma please yar, please give me a chance. Please wapis ajao
ek dafa. Please wasay he ho jao…
Please…
Huma mein koi champion nahin, koi extra-ordinary quality
nahin, aam insan hon, job karta, simple life have. Sath chahta hone ek bahut
achay dost ka… jo meray liyea tum mein hai.
Yeh qasam khata hon hamesha tumhain piyar karonga aur kabhi
takleef nahin donga… ek dafa chance do aur mujhay pura sunlo… din lagain itni
sari batain karnay mein.. phir decide karna.. laiken please baat tou karo…
Manay kaha tha na mein thoda filmi… sachi ankh mein anso
hain
J
,
please kisi ko batana nahin…
Please wapis ajao…