Date: Thu, 12 Oct 2017 10:20:44 -0700
Subject: RE: RE: RE: Renew Order Confirmation
From: <compliance@habjprprivee.com>
To: support@formationshouse.com,
  "Steve \(Formations" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Customer Support,
I have yet paid to Steve, can you verify?
If I have to pay other I'm to disposition to pay immediately.
"Dear Andrea
Payment for Orderno. 194359 has been updated using the deposit for Customer ID 42624270 and remaining balance is GBP 4388.
If you need any further information or assistance, please feel free to contact us at
info@formationshouse.com
(Sales) or
support@formationshouse.com
(Support). You can also email me directly at
steve@formationshouse.com
."
Regards
Andrea
-------- Original Message --------
Subject: Re:RE: RE: Renew Order Confirmation
From:
support@formationshouse.com
Date: Thu, October 12, 2017 4:12 pm
To:
compliance@habjprprivee.com
Dear Customer,
Thank you for your email.
The Appointment of Director in Fortune Investment & Consulting Ltd is on pending-no response because the address appears to 85 Great Portland Street, London, W1W 7LT. You must subscribe to Directors Privacy Service to use 85 Great Portland Street, London, W1W 7LT as director address at Companies House. Please implement the following steps to place an order for Directors Privacy Service which costs £ 50 Per Annum.
-Login to your Formations House account.
-Click on ‘UK Company Admin’ to proceed.
-Click on ‘To order new products and services’ to proceed.
-Select ‘Directors Privacy Service £50 Per Annum’ and proceed to make its online payment.
Once the payment is made kindly proceed to appoint the director with the help of Online Company Administrator. Please make the director appointment with its residential address as upon the submission automatically 85 Great Portland Street, London, W1W 7LT will be updated at Companies House public records.
Or you can simply email us the director’s residential address and we may then re-submit the ‘Appointment of Director’ form with the same.
We look forward to hear from you.
If you need any further assistance do not hesitate to contact us.
Kind Regards,
Customer Support
Formations House