Date: Thu, 16 Mar 2017 15:15:34 +0000
Subject: March Specials: Seedstars Summit in Lausanne, Propteq Europe in London, TNW Conference in Amsterdam, Office Solutions in Beirut, eOffice Global Network Expands!
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=165116&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=165116&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
March 2017
Seedstars Summit 2017
eOffice Members & Friends Get 15% OFF!
If you're looking for exciting insights into emerging markets and wish to discover how entrepreneurship and technology is changing people's lives, don't miss this year's
Seedstars Summit
!
The Seedstars Summit is THE forum for technology & startups for emerging markets, where carefully handpicked startups from 60+ emerging markets will gather with innovators, corporates, mentors and investors and compete to be awarded up to 1 million USD in equity investment.
Meet international experts and attend workshops on the latest trends and progress in innovation, participate in networking breaks and of course see the final pitches. In the evening, there will be a dinner for all the entrepreneurs, participants (executive pass only) and investors, with nearly 80 kilos of fondue already ordered!
SeedStars Summit
will be bigger, better and even more impactful. Get your ticket before prices increase on March 20th!
Thursday, April 6th, 2017
Lausanne, Switzerland
Register
NOW
to take part in
#SeedstarsSummit
The Next Web Conference 2017
10% OFF Europe's Leading Tech Festival
This year’s
TNW
Conference
is bringing together a 2-day event consisting of 6 tracks of content, 250 game-changing exhibitors 
and 5,000 square meters of business floor.
If you’re looking to stay on top of the latest trends, meet potential clients and partners, and connect with other people interested in the future of technology, innovation, marketing and imagination, this is the right place for you!
Join 15,000 entrepreneurs, developers, marketing managers, CEOs and policymakers attending The Next Web Conference in Amsterdam this 18th-19th May 2017. Speakers include the Co-founder or Hubspot, the CEO of Trello and the CSO of Snapchat.
eOffice members and friends get an exclusive
10% OFF.
To claim your discount simply click
HERE
. Tickets move fast, 
book yours
NOW
!
Thursday 18th & Friday 19th May 2017
Amsterdam, The Netherlands
BOOK
your place
NOW!
Propteq Europe 2017
Join the World's Leading Property Innovators in London!
It's all about networking!
Propteq Europe
is coming back to London for the second year in a row! Designed to facilitate connections with potential partners through group debates, product demos and funding pitches where everyone gets involved, this unique property technology and innovation summit will welcome 300 of the world's leading property innovators and investors from 25 countries.
eOffice members and friends get an exclusive 33% OFF!
Propteq Europe 2017
Thursday, May 11th, 2017
London, UK
Register
HERE!
3 Months FREE Office and Virtual Office in Beirut!
Work from
Beirut's Most Innovative Workplace
When it comes to running your own business, an important part of the process is choosing the right location. MyOffice offers prime, flexible, and cost-effective office solutions in one of Beirut's main economic and diplomatic districts.
Enjoy up to
3 months FREE
office space and virtual o when signing a 12-month contract or any longer leases.
To claim your
FREE
offer or for more information send us an email to
enetwork@eoffice.net
*terms and conditions apply.
The eOffice Global Network Expands!
25 New Locations in Mexico and 7 in The Netherlands
The eOffice Global Network's growth continues on the right track! We are delighted to announce new exclusive locations joining the network in major Mexican and Dutch cities.
With over 250 independent collaborative workspaces across 60 countries,
The eOffice Global Network
provides forward-thinking businesses with flexible, inspiring solutions that help them grow and thrive.
For more information about The eOffice Global Network, send us an email to
enetwork@eoffice.net
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here