Date: Tue, 14 Mar 2017 16:49:20 -0000
Subject: FW: Marketing last week
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <charlotte@formationshouse.com>
To: "'Oliver'" <oliver@formationshouse.com>,
	"'Sarah'" <sarah@formationshouse.com>,
	"'Steve Smith \(Formations House\)'" <steve@formationshouse.com>
CC: "'Syed Fahad Waheed'" <fahad.waheed@knowledgepath.pk>,
	<davidm@formationshouse.com>,
	"'Darius Khan'" <dk@infiniapp.com>

 

Dear Team

 

Another big lift on traffic last week but it is still not  quite converting
into sales.

We did get an increase in interest levels for the readymades section and in
general people are spending more time on the site which is very positive.
Translations of core products is underway and will be live shortly,
including Italian german and French, with a refreshed Russain product site
too.

 

We need to ensure we maximise every sale opportunity. Whether it's a new
customer or a renewal. We must be proactive. Ensure every new formation
order has online admin added, especially if they are ordering registered
office, push them to buy online admin, it's a great little product.

 

Remind businesses about accounting and directors accounting (new product
with more info later this week) 

I asked for an update last week on offers sent out and I received a good
reply from Sarah only. What is the response this week. How are these offers
being considered (positive negative or??)

 

In order for us to keep moving sales up, and working better but marketing
both digital and strategic its important we look at results and feedback.

 

In about a week or two a new product marketing campaign will begin, prior to
that some sales material and product learning material will be distributed.

 

We can a core set of products and I want to ensure you understand them both
froma sales point of view but also technically according to law, so that you
are better able to sell and close sales and gain customer confidence as it
is the customer confidence that keeps them returning.

 

We still have some good big ticket sales items to push such as the higher
value ready made name only companies and some Rm with bank accounts.

 

The accounting services we sell should be pushed more and we need to be
industry specific in the approach to sell. 

 

I would appreciate more feedback and also input on what sort of ad campaigns
or product specific campaigns you would like to see happening, in addition
to our general google ads.

 

 

Kind Regards,

 

Charlotte Pawar 

      

 <http://www.formationshouse.com/> 

Harley Street, W1

 

Main Sales/Support: +44 207 255 2557

Local London: +44 207 612 4888

 

Formations House is the Trading Name of AC Online Ltd

 

Dear Team
Another big lift on traffic last week but it is still not  quite converting into sales.
We did get an increase in interest levels for the readymades section and in general people are spending more time on the site which is very positive. Translations of core products is underway and will be live shortly, including Italian german and French, with a refreshed Russain product site too.
We need to ensure we maximise every sale opportunity. Whether it’s a new customer or a renewal. We must be proactive. Ensure every new formation order has online admin added, especially if they are ordering registered office, push them to buy online admin, it’s a great little product.
Remind businesses about accounting and directors accounting (new product with more info later this week)
I asked for an update last week on offers sent out and I received a good reply from Sarah only. What is the response this week. How are these offers being considered (positive negative or??)
In order for us to keep moving sales up, and working better but marketing both digital and strategic its important we look at results and feedback.
In about a week or two a new product marketing campaign will begin, prior to that some sales material and product learning material will be distributed.
We can a core set of products and I want to ensure you understand them both froma sales point of view but also technically according to law, so that you are better able to sell and close sales and gain customer confidence as it is the customer confidence that keeps them returning.
We still have some good big ticket sales items to push such as the higher value ready made name only companies and some Rm with bank accounts.
The accounting services we sell should be pushed more and we need to be industry specific in the approach to sell.
I would appreciate more feedback and also input on what sort of ad campaigns or product specific campaigns you would like to see happening, in addition to our general google ads.
Kind Regards,
Charlotte Pawar
Harley Street, W1
Main Sales/Support: +44 207 255 2557
Local London: +44 207 612 4888
Formations House is the Trading Name of AC Online Ltd