Date: Tue, 14 Nov 2017 14:37:50 +0100
Subject: Dear Mr. Steve,
From: "Hocine Dr. Bezzaoui" <h.bezzaoui@meainvest.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Sorry for my delay for the reply to your messages, because I was in most
time on Business trip outside from Germany.

I have received a notification about some flat Penalty from the Companies
house regarding the Smartcorporation-UK.

However the Company is actually in Dormant Status.

I have sand some fulled documents AA02 Dormant company accounts (DCA) with
Date Approval of Accounts at 30.06.2017

The Documents were addressed to Compnies House Crown Way Cardiff Wales CF14
3UZ, DX 33050 Cardiff UK

Please find attached to the email the copies of the related documents.

Is there any way to avoid the penalties(see your message of 06 November
2017 ?

I understand, that the TAX declaration will may be needed independently if
the company is in dormant status or not.

If so, I will need your help, please send me a Cotation of your support
costs.


Thank you for your engagement.


Best Regards

Meainvest LLP

Dr. Hocine Bezzaoui
Sorry for my delay for the reply to your messages, because I was in most time on Business trip outside from Germany.
I have received a notification about some flat Penalty from the Companies house regarding the Smartcorporation-UK.
However the Company is actually in Dormant Status.
I have sand some fulled documents AA02 Dormant company accounts (DCA) with Date Approval of Accounts at 30.06.2017
The Documents were addressed to Compnies House Crown Way Cardiff Wales CF14 3UZ, DX 33050 Cardiff UK
Please find attached to the email the copies of the related documents.
Is there any way to avoid the penalties(see your message of 06 November 2017 ?
I understand, that the TAX declaration will may be needed independently if the company is in dormant status or not.
If so, I will need your help, please send me a Cotation of your support costs.
Thank you for your engagement.
Best Regards
Meainvest LLP
Dr. Hocine Bezzaoui