Date: Fri, 1 Sep 2017 13:03:22 +0000
Subject: September at eOffice: WELLNESS17, Social Media Week, "La Rentrée" by FrenchLab, Apply to TechPitch 4.5 Sports & Health
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=167750&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=167750&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
September 2017
WORKTECH's Wellness Conference Returns to London
50%OFF WELLNESS17
The rise of interest in wellness at work has led to a unique and exciting event taking place in London for the second year in a row! Join us on Tuesday, September 5th, 2017 at Credit Suisse, 5 Canada Square in Canary Wharf.
We are delighted to announce a
50% OFF
VIP rate for eOffice members and friends: Buy your ticket
HERE
.
WELLNESS17 builds on the success of Unwired’s WORKTECH series of conferences encompassing all aspects of wellness including mind, body and spirit and addresses some of the most interesting and challenging subjects in the field.
Don’t miss this opportunity where leading thinkers, industry strategists, and academic visionaries will discuss key topics including the stigma of mental health, today’s latest technology, the role of nutrition, the effects of the work environment on a person's well-being, and how design influences the workplace experience.
For more information on the topics and speakers, please contact: tania.gonzalez@unwired.eu.com
We look forward to seeing you there!
Social Media Week London 2017
Register Now and Get 15% OFF
eOffice is excited to partner with Social Media Week London this September offering
15% OFF
for Members and Friends. Social Media Week London will take place from Monday 11th until Friday 15th September at The British Film Institute in Southbank. This year there will also be coworking lounges for you to work, network, or relax in between sessions!
The event brings together the insights, ideas, and opportunities of thousands of professionals in the media, marketing and technology sectors looking to improve themselves and their organizations in a globally connected world.
Your #SMWLDN pass includes:
- Full-access to 2 main stages for keynotes,
panels
and workshops
- Opportunity to meet 100+ world class speakers and thought leaders
- Complimentary lunch and networking drinks throughout week
Join us and share ideas, inspiration and best practices for how social media can be used to transform how we do business, how we think about the world around us and how it can shape culture and the human experience.
Register
NOW
and
get 15% OFF using promo code
smw17eoffice
September 11-15, 2017
BFI Southbank, Belvedere Rd, South Bank, London SE1 8XT, London, UK
FrenchLab Presents "La Rentrée"
@ eOffice
A Networking Event for Startups, Mentors, and Experts
FrenchLab
is an incubator based in London supporting French-speaking startups wishing to cross the Channel to get their project off the ground.
We are delighted to invite all French-speaking
startup
mentors and experts to "La Rentrée" a networking event by FrenchLab taking place at eOffice on Thursday, September 21st, 2017 at 18:00.
The FrenchLab team will introduce the selected startups joining the incubator program. The evening will start with pitches of each selected company followed by a networking event where you will have the opportunity to meet the founders. You will also have the chance to taste the very best of the French & Belgian food & drinks.
Register
HERE
ope you can make it!
We hope you can make it!
Apply to TechPitch 4.5 Sports & Health
TechPitch 4.5  & SportsHealth
is a platform to enable
startups
specifically within the sport, health and fitness-tech industry from all across Europe to showcase their business proposition to a relevant wider audience, including VCs, sport industry professionals, and experts, journalists, as well as other aspiring and successful sport and tech entrepreneurs. This pitching event is a unique opportunity to build more awareness, receive productive feedback from an expert panel, and network with key sport and tech industry players.
The evening will feature a keynote presentation followed by eight sports-tech startups presenting their business ideas and revenue models during a three-minute pitch. After the three-minute pitch, the panel of judges will have five minutes for a Q&A with each startup. A winner will be selected by the judges, and there will also be a general vote to pick the audience favorite.
TechPitch 4.5 - Sports & Health will take place on October 31st, 2017 - 18.30-22.00
Apply to pitch before 29th September 2017
Click
HERE
for more information
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here