Date: Wed, 5 Apr 2017 09:21:21 +0200
Subject: RE: A reminder to file your companys annual return
From: "APC GROUP Int." <paul@apc-international.eu>
To: <support@formationshouse.com>
CC: "'Steve Smith \(Formations House\)'" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Steve,

 

I have a request to you. 

 

Can you  submiting  tax reports like last time?

 

I would again prepare a statement of account.

 

Pls. let me know 

 

Thank you 

 

Paul 

 

 

From: support@formationshouse.com [mailto:support@formationshouse.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, April 5, 2017 9:10 AM
To: paul@apc-international.eu
Subject: A reminder to file your companys annual return

 

Dear Customer, 

We wish to remind you of the due date(s) for filing of the Annual Return(s)
for: 


EUROPEAN TRAVEL SERVICES INT. LIMITED        Mar 26, 2017

It is a mandatory requirement for a company to file its Annual Return with
Companies House. An Annual Return is a snapshot of general information about
a company's Director(s) and Secretary, registered office address,
shareholders and share capital. If the Annual Returns are filed late, or not
at all, the Company and its Director(s) and Secretary are liable for
prosecution.

To help you in quick and efficient Annual Return (and other relevant)
filing(s), Formations House offers an Online Company Administrator service.
Online Company Administrator can help you file your Annual Return for your
company within minutes. Subscribers to the Online Company Administrator can
simply go to the Formation House website www.formationshouse.com
<http://www.formationshouse.com/>  and log on to the Online Company
Administrator to file Annual Return for their company. To subscribe to the
Online Company Administrator, please log on to your account at the
Formations House website and click on the Upgrade button next to the Online
Company Administrator option.

If you have any further queries, please contact our support department at:
support@formationshouse.com <mailto:support@formationshouse.com> 

Sincerely,

Customer Support

Dear Steve,
I have a request to you.
Can you  submiting  tax reports like last time?
I would again prepare a statement of account.
Pls. let me know
Thank you
Paul
From:
support@formationshouse.com [mailto:support@formationshouse.com]
Sent:
Wednesday, April 5, 2017 9:10 AM
To:
paul@apc-international.eu
Subject:
A reminder to file your companys annual return
Dear Customer,
We wish to remind you of the due date(s) for filing of the Annual Return(s) for:
EUROPEAN TRAVEL SERVICES INT. LIMITED        Mar 26, 2017
It is a mandatory requirement for a company to file its Annual Return with Companies House. An Annual Return is a snapshot of general information about a company's Director(s) and Secretary, registered office address, shareholders and share capital. If the Annual Returns are filed late, or not at all, the Company and its Director(s) and Secretary are liable for prosecution.
To help you in quick and efficient Annual Return (and other relevant) filing(s), Formations House offers an Online Company Administrator service. Online Company Administrator can help you file your Annual Return for your company within minutes. Subscribers to the Online Company Administrator can simply go to the Formation House website
www.formationshouse.com
and log on to the Online Company Administrator to file Annual Return for their company. To subscribe to the Online Company Administrator, please log on to your account at the Formations House website and click on the Upgrade button next to the Online Company Administrator option.
If you have any further queries, please contact our support department at:
support@formationshouse.com
Sincerely,
Customer Support