Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2017 08:01:31 +0000
Subject: Re: UK Ready-Made Company with Trading Accounts : Formations House
From: Salio Sousa <sds.partime@gmail.com>
To: "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Thanks Steve

The prices are still a bit high but we can discuss this later.

Why does it take 8-10 working days to file the amended accounts? That is
too long for me.

Can you confirm the penalty for late filing will also be paid?

Thanks
Salio


On 24 Jan 2017 15:12, "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <
steve@formationshouse.com> wrote:

Dear Faulio



Thank you for your interest in our services. As per our conversation on
phone, I have attached the list of UK ready-made companies which were
registered in 2014 and 2015 available for sale. The list includes Company
Name, Registration Date, Registration Number and Price of company.



*Please note that price mentioned in the list includes:*



-          Transfer of company directorship to your assigned director

-          Transfer of shares to your assigned shareholder (director can
also be a shareholder)

-          Confirmation statement filing to company registrar with your
choice of SIC code and government filing fee (SIC Code is Business Activity
Definition and you can choose up to 4 SIC codes at one time)

*-          *Active amended accounts (t*otal exemption small company
accounts) filing for the previous year and penalty on filing amended
accounts.*



*We also provide following services which are optional. You can choose the
services if required:*



-          UK Registered Address service GBP 25 – for 1st year, 2nd year
onwards renewal charges GBP 100 per annum. Only mails from Companies House
and HMRC will be received and forwarded to you by email. Mails from other
sources will be returned.

-          Company Protection Service (CPS) GBP 275 (per annum) – if you
want to hide director and secretary residential in address in public
records.

-          **Director Privacy Service (DPS) GBP 150 (per annum) – if you
want to hide director residential in public records.

-          **Shareholder Protection Service (SPS) GBP 150 (per annum) – if
you want to hide shareholder residential address in public records.

-          Certificate of Good Standing GBP 50

-          EXPRESS Certificate of Good Standing GBP 125

-          Apostille Company Documents (1 set) GBP 150

-          EXPRESS Apostille Company Documents (1 set) GBP 300

-          Company Name Change GBP 50

-          EXPRESS Company Name Change GBP 150



UK company must have valid UK postal address for registered address.
Minimum 1 human director and 1 shareholder, director and shareholder can be
a same person but even if director and shareholder is a same person, it is
considered as 2 separate entities. **So if you choose CPS or DPS service
then you must also choose SPS service along with it. Company Secretary is
not a mandatory requirement.



We can transfer UK ready-made company to you in 2 working days after we
receive your order with accurate information, payment and due diligence
documents. Amended Accounts Filing will take 8-10 working days.



*DUE DILIGENCE:*



UK regulations require us to establish the identity of all customers that
we are providing services to therefore we will need following documents and
information  from you and these will be held in our records only and these
documents will be not be presented to company registrar.



*Director and Shareholder:*



1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport (bearer signature and complete information
must be visible)

2. Proof of Residential Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas
OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement. (issue date,
name, address and account number must be visible).



Additional Information Required on Choosen Ready-Made Company:



1. Expected Annual Turnover

2. Intented Business Activity



*IF AUTHORIZE CONTACT PERSON IS DIFFERENT FROM THE COMPANY DIRECTOR AND
THEN WE WOULD NEED SAME DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION FROM THAT PERSON TOO.*



Above documents are required to be sent as scanned copies by email. Please
make sure that scans are clear and in readable size and format. If above
documents are not in English then we will need officially translated
notarized copies of documents with the originals. Please do not send
telephone, mobile, TV, internet bill or any other document. If documents
are not according to above mentioned instructions then it will not be
accepted.



If you require further information or assistance or if you wish to *place
an order* you can contact us by email, by phone or by live chat on our
website.



------------

Regards,



Steve Smith

FORMATIONS HOUSE



Website : www.formationshouse.com

E-mail : support@formationshouse.com; steve@formationshouse.com

Phone : 0044-207-016-2727

Working hours : Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm (UK time)
Thanks Steve
The prices are still a bit high but we can discuss this later.
Why does it take 8-10 working days to file the amended accounts? That is too long for me.
Can you confirm the penalty for late filing will also be paid?
Thanks
Salio
On 24 Jan 2017 15:12, "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <
steve@formationshouse.com
> wrote:
Dear Faulio
Thank you for your interest in our services. As per our
conversation on phone, I have attached the list of UK ready-made companies which
were registered in 2014 and 2015 available for sale. The list includes Company
Name, Registration Date, Registration Number and Price of company.
Please note that price mentioned in the list includes:
-
Transfer of company directorship to your assigned
director
-
Transfer of shares to your assigned shareholder (director
can also be a shareholder)
-
Confirmation statement filing to company registrar with
your choice of SIC code and government filing fee (SIC Code is Business
Activity Definition and you can choose up to 4 SIC codes at one time)
-
Active amended accounts (t
otal exemption
small company accounts) filing for the previous year and penalty on filing
amended accounts.
We also provide following services which are optional.
You can choose the services if required:
-
UK Registered Address service GBP 25 – for 1
st
year, 2
nd
year onwards renewal charges GBP 100 per annum. Only mails
from Companies House and HMRC will be received and forwarded to you by email.
Mails from other sources will be returned.
-
Company Protection Service (CPS) GBP 275 (per annum) –
if you want to hide director and secretary residential in address in public records.
-
**Director Privacy Service (DPS) GBP 150 (per annum) –
if you want to hide director residential in public records.
-
**Shareholder Protection Service (SPS) GBP 150 (per
annum) – if you want to hide shareholder residential address in public
records.
-
Certificate of Good Standing GBP 50
-
EXPRESS Certificate of Good Standing GBP 125
-
Apostille Company Documents (1 set) GBP 150
-
EXPRESS Apostille Company Documents (1 set) GBP 300
-
Company Name Change GBP 50
-
EXPRESS Company Name Change GBP 150
UK company must have valid UK postal address for registered
address. Minimum 1 human director and 1 shareholder, director and shareholder can
be a same person but even if director and shareholder is a same person, it is
considered as 2 separate entities. **So if you choose CPS or DPS service then you
must also choose SPS service along with it. Company Secretary is not a
mandatory requirement.
We can transfer UK ready-made company to you in 2 working
days after we receive your order with accurate information, payment and due
diligence documents. Amended Accounts Filing will take 8-10 working days.
DUE DILIGENCE:
UK regulations require us
to establish the identity of all customers that we are providing services to
therefore we will need following documents and information  from you and
these will be held in our records only and these documents will be not be
presented to company registrar.
Director and
Shareholder:
1. Proof of ID - Valid
Passport (bearer signature and complete information must be visible)
2. Proof of Residential
Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest
personal bank/credit card statement. (issue date, name, address and account
number must be visible).
Additional Information Required
on Choosen Ready-Made Company:
1. Expected Annual
Turnover
2. Intented Business
Activity
IF AUTHORIZE CONTACT
PERSON IS DIFFERENT FROM THE COMPANY DIRECTOR AND THEN WE WOULD NEED SAME
DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION FROM THAT PERSON TOO.
Above documents are
required to be sent as scanned copies by email. Please make sure that scans are
clear and in readable size and format. If above documents are not in English
then we will need officially translated notarized copies of documents with the
originals. Please do not send telephone, mobile, TV, internet bill or any other
document. If documents are not according to above mentioned instructions then
it will not be accepted.
If you require further information or assistance or if you
wish to
place an order
you can contact us by email, by phone or by live
chat on our website.
------------
Regards,
Steve Smith
FORMATIONS HOUSE
Website :
www.formationshouse.com
E-mail :
support@formationshouse.com
;
steve@formationshouse.com
Phone : 0044-207-016-2727
Working hours : Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm
(UK time)