Date: Sat, 3 Jun 2017 14:16:49 +0200
Subject: Re: RE: Verification for The Entertainment Establishment Ltd
From: "Arnold Tapiwa" <arnold.tapiwa@gmx.com>
To: "Steve Smith (Formations House)" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Hi Mr.Smith,
The inteded activity for the business is to advertise for start up event companies online, providing a platform for live music events, summer festivals and also club appearances by UK artist. We will also be advertising through social media i.e. facebook, twitter and instagram. We already have quite a large number of agents to provide this sefvice for because of our close contacts with both new and established UK artists.
Expected Turnover:
Year 1 £185,000
Year 2: £244,000
Year 3: £365,00
Kind Regards,
Arnold Twonezvi
Sent:
Wednesday, May 31, 2017 at 7:28 PM
From:
"Steve Smith (Formations House)" <steve@formationshouse.com>
To:
"'khan mobile'" <khanmobileshopilford@hotmail.com>, arnold.tapiwa@gmx.com
Cc:
support@formationshouse.com
Subject:
RE: Verification for The Entertainment Establishment Ltd
Dear
Arnold Tawonezvi
Thank you for sending the id documents for
‘
Mr. Tapiwa Twonezvi
'.
Please also provide following information so that we can further proceed with your application:
Additional information required for
THE ENTERTAINMENT ESTABLISHMENT LTD
as following:
-
Intended Detailed Business Activity:
-
Expected Annual Turnover:
----
Due Diligence Agent/Reseller/Contact Person:
Please assist us in completing due diligence by providing color scan copies of following documents as well other information for
‘
Arnold Tawonezvi
'
.
Please make sure that scans are clear and in readable size and format.
1.
Proof of ID
- Valid Passport (bearer signature must be visible)
2.
Proof of Residential Address
- Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement. (issue date, name, address and account number must be visible)
3.
Business Activity:
4.
Annual Turnover:
Please do not send telephone, mobile, TV or internet bill, these are not acceptable. If the documents are not in English then you need to have them translated and notarized. And send original and translated copies.
----
SIC Code (Business Activity):
Please see the attach file and confirm the SIC Code (Business Activity) for your company. You can choose up to 4 SIC codes.
If you require further information or assistance you can contact us by email, by phone or by live chat on our website.
------------
Regards,
Steve Smith
steve@formationshouse.com
FORMATIONS HOUSE
Website – Live Chat :
www.formationshouse.com
E-mail : info@formationshouse.com; support@formationshouse.com
Phone : Sales = 0044-(0)207-016-2727 : Support = 0044-(0)207-016-2728
Working hours : Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm (UK time)
Office Address: 29 Harley Street London United Kingdom W1G 9QR
From:
khan mobile [mailto:khanmobileshopilford@hotmail.com]
Sent:
Wednesday, 31 May, 2017 10:07 PM
To:
steve@formationshouse.com; arnold.tapiwa@gmx.com
Subject:
Verification for The Entertainment Establishment Ltd