Date: Fri, 26 May 2017 13:16:17 +0100
Subject: Re: UK Co : FOOD WORLD EXPRESS : Urgent Response Required : Orderno. 193590
From: "Kiran Tamada" <kiran.tamada@customwardrobes.co.uk>
To: "Steve Smith \(Formations House\)" <steve@formationshouse.com>
CC: <support@formationshouse.com>

Hi,

Please find the proof od Ids and proof of residence of Kiran Tamada and Tajinder Pal as requested. 

Intended Detailed Business Activity:
We are intending to takeover a grocery shop premesis based in Leaminton Spa high street which is for retail sale in non-specialised stores with food, beverages or tobacco predominating. 

Expected Annual Turnover: 
£700,000.00


Please let me know if you need any further information.


Warm regards
Kiran


  ----- Original Message ----- 
  From: Steve Smith (Formations House) 
  To: sales@customwardrobes.co.uk 
  Cc: support@formationshouse.com 
  Sent: Thursday, May 25, 2017 8:16 PM
  Subject: UK Co : FOOD WORLD EXPRESS : Urgent Response Required : Orderno. 193590


  Dear Kiran Tamada

   

  Thank you for your order for registering UK company 'FOOD WORLD EXPRESS LIMITED'. 

   

  ----

  DUE DILIGENCE:

   

  UK regulations now require us to establish the identity of all customers that we are providing services to. Therefore please provide documents and information as per followings:

   

  Due Diligence Director, Shareholder and Secretary:

   

  Please assist us in completing due diligence by providing color scan copy of following documents for company director, shareholder 'Mr KIRAN KUMAR TAMADA' and 'Mr TAJINDER PAL'

   

  Please make sure that scans are clear and in readable size and format.

   

  1. Proof of ID - Valid Passport (bearer signature must be visible)

  2. Proof of Residential Address - Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or latest personal bank/credit card statement. (issue date, name, address and account number must be visible)

   

  Please do not send telephone, mobile, TV or internet bill, these are not acceptable. If the documents are not in English then you need to have them translated and notarized. And send original and translated copies.

   

  Additional information required for FOOD WORLD EXPRESS as following:

   

  -        Intended Detailed Business Activity:

  -        Expected Annual Turnover: 

   

  ----

  Please provide us with above mentioned Documents for Director, Shareholder and Additional Information as soon as possible so that we can further proceed with your application. 

   

  ----

  If you require further information or assistance you can contact us by email, by phone or by live chat on our website.

   

  ------------

  Regards,

   

  Steve Smith (steve@formationshouse.com)

  FORMATIONS HOUSE

   

  Website - Live Chat : www.formationshouse.com

  E-mail : info@formationshouse.com; support@formationshouse.com

  Phone : Sales = 0044-(0)207-016-2727 : Support = 0044-(0)207-016-2728

  Working hours : Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm (UK time)

  Office Address: 29 Harley Street London United Kingdom W1G 9QR

   

   

   
Hi,
Please find the proof od Ids and proof of residence 
of Kiran Tamada and Tajinder Pal as requested.
Intended Detailed Business 
Activity:
We are intending to takeover a grocery shop 
premesis based in Leaminton Spa high street which is for retail sale in 
non-specialised stores with food, beverages or tobacco predominating.
Expected Annual Turnover:
£700,000.00
Please let me know if you need any further 
information.
Warm regards
Kiran
----- Original Message -----
From:
Steve Smith (Formations House)
To:
sales@customwardrobes.co.uk
Cc:
support@formationshouse.com
Sent:
Thursday, May 25, 2017 8:16 
PM
Subject:
UK Co : FOOD WORLD EXPRESS : 
  Urgent Response Required : Orderno. 193590
Dear
Kiran Tamada
Thank you for your order 
  for registering
UK
company
'
FOOD WORLD 
  EXPRESS
LIMITED'
.
----
DUE 
  DILIGENCE:
UK regulations now require 
  us to establish the identity of all customers that we are providing services 
  to. Therefore please provide documents and information as per 
  followings:
Due Diligence 
  Director, Shareholder and Secretary:
Please assist us in 
  completing due diligence by providing color scan copy of following documents 
  for company director, shareholder
‘
Mr 
  KIRAN KUMAR TAMADA’
and
‘Mr TAJINDER 
  PAL
'
Please make sure that 
  scans are clear and in readable size and format.
1.
Proof of ID
- 
  Valid Passport (bearer signature must be visible)
2.
Proof of Residential 
  Address
- Last 3 months utility bills (water OR gas OR electricity) or 
  latest personal bank/credit card statement. (issue date, name, address and 
  account number must be visible)
Please do not send 
  telephone, mobile, TV or internet bill, these are not acceptable. If the 
  documents are not in English then you need to have them translated and 
  notarized. And send original and translated copies.
Additional 
  information required for
FOOD WORLD 
  EXPRESS
as 
  following:
-
Intended 
  Detailed Business Activity:
-
Expected 
  Annual Turnover:
----
Please provide us with 
  above mentioned
Documents for Director, Shareholder
and
Additional 
  Information
as soon as possible so that we can further proceed with your 
  application.
----
If you require further information or assistance you can 
  contact us by email, by phone or by live chat on our website.
------------
Regards,
Steve Smith (
steve@formationshouse.com
)
FORMATIONS HOUSE
Website – Live Chat :
www.formationshouse.com
E-mail :
info@formationshouse.com
;
support@formationshouse.com
Phone : Sales = 
  0044-(0)207-016-2727 : Support = 
0044-(0)207-016-2728
Working hours : Monday to 
  Friday 9am to 5pm (UK time)
Office Address: 29 Harley 
  Street London United Kingdom W1G 9QR