Date: Thu, 26 Jan 2017 16:32:53 +0500
Subject: Euro Pacific Bank : New Document Requirement: W-8BEN Form
From: "Steve Smith \(Formations House\)" <steve@formationshouse.com>
To: "'Admin '" <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>,
	"'Oliver'" <oliver@formationshouse.com>,
	"'Rachel'" <rachel@formationshouse.com>
CC: <sarah@formationshouse.com>,
	<shawn@formationshouse.com>,
	"'Michael Gomes'" <michaelgomes@formationshouse.com>

 

From: Euro Pacific Bank [mailto:affiliates@europacbank.com] 
Sent: Thursday, 26 January, 2017 12:04 AM
To: steve@formationshouse.com
Subject: New Document Requirement: W-8BEN Form

 









 



 



 





New Document Requirement


FATCA 'self certification' now required for all applications



Dear Partner,


Starting on February 1st, new applicants must provide a 'self certification' document to establish that they are not a US Person. (W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-8IMY).



Detailed User Guide


In order to assist your clients in completing the form we have put together a detailed user guide, which can be found here. Within the guide we have also developed an intuitive tool called the FATCA Assistant, which will assist your clients in finding answers to some of the most common questions, such as determining the correct self-certification form to complete, as well as selecting the appropriate Chapter 4 status (where relevant).



Non-Compliant Jurisdictions


In our opinion, if you are currently conducting business with a financial institution in a jurisdiction that has not signed a FATCA IGA, or is not independently reporting to the IRS, your client's ability to continue conducting global financial transactions may be impaired, as compliant financial institutions begin to implement mandatory withholding on other non-compliant financial institutions.


More information can be found here



For any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us at  <mailto:affiliates@europacbank.com> affiliates@europacbank.com.


Sincerely,


The Business Development Team at Euro Pacific Bank



This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.



 <http://link.europacbank.com/u/1/62591999/02-b17025-6808798a55ca483c9a3a63832aece117/contact-d2280f0118c8e5118107001dd8b758d3-d76c3077ea004fb3ae955fa05b182807/fgrir/sbezngvbafubhfr/pbz?f=t> Click here if you don't wish to receive these messages in the future

  <http://link.europacbank.com/o/3/TmpJMU9URTVPVGs6TURJdFlqRTNNREkxTFRZNE1EZzNPVGhoTlRWallUUTRNMk01WVROaE5qTTRNekpoWldObE1URTM6YzNSbGRtVkFabTl5YldGMGFXOXVjMmh2ZFhObExtTnZiUTpZMjl1ZEdGamRDMWtNakk0TUdZd01URTRZemhsTlRFeE9ERXdOekF3TVdSa09HSTNOVGhrTXkxa056WmpNekEzTjJWaE1EQTBabUl6WVdVNU5UVm1ZVEExWWpFNE1qZ3dOdw/pMPPf_eYXDzkcK3VzLapeQ> 

W-8BEN
From:
Euro Pacific Bank
[mailto:affiliates@europacbank.com]
Sent:
Thursday, 26 January, 2017 12:04 AM
To:
steve@formationshouse.com
Subject:
New Document Requirement: W-8BEN Form
New
      Document Requirement
FATCA
      'self certification' now required for all applications
Dear Partner,
Starting on February 1st, new
      applicants must provide a 'self certification' document to establish that
      they are not a US Person. (W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-8IMY).
Detailed User Guide
In order to assist your clients in
      completing the form we have put together a detailed user guide, which can
      be found
here
. Within the guide we have also developed an
      intuitive tool called the FATCA Assistant, which will assist your clients
      in finding answers to some of the most common questions, such as
      determining the correct self-certification form to complete, as well as
      selecting the appropriate Chapter 4 status (where relevant).
Non-Compliant Jurisdictions
In our opinion, if you are currently
      conducting business with a financial institution in a jurisdiction that
      has not signed a FATCA IGA, or is not independently reporting to the IRS,
your client's
      ability to continue conducting global financial transactions may be
      impaired
, as compliant financial institutions begin to
      implement mandatory withholding on other non-compliant financial
      institutions.
More information can be found here
For any questions or concerns, please
      feel free to contact us at
affiliates@europacbank.com
.
Sincerely,
The Business Development Team at Euro
      Pacific Bank
This e-mail message
      may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is
      intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized
      disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any
      action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are
      not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be
      intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us
      by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is
      not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any
      responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion
      and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are
      solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the
      company.
Click
      here
if you don't wish to receive these messages in the
      future