Date: Thu, 14 Dec 2017 06:01:11 -0500 (EST)
Subject: Happy Christmas from all your friends in CFI
From: 
	"Sean Kavanagh, MD, Company Formations International Limited" <sean@formations.ie>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

And here is your special edition of Christmas Good Company 2017 Happy Christmas from all your friends at CFI Dear Steve, Every Christmas, Company Formations International Ltd. take great pleasure in putting together a special Christmas edition of Good Company. It's a FREE ebook full of seasonal jokes, fun stories and words of wisdom for everyone to enjoy. ﻿Its purpose is to give you a smile at Christmastime. And if we manage to raise more than one smile, so much the better. Because all too often nowadays we are all far too busy promoting our companies and selling our goods and services, that we tend to forget that we need to take time out to relax, share a joke or two, tell a good story and... ... enjoy each other’s company. Here is your Christmas copy of Good Company. I hope you enjoy it and I'd like to take this opportunity to wish you a very happy Christmas and a prosperous New Year in 2018. Best wishes from all your friends in CFI. Sean Kavanagh Managing Director Enjoy Good Company 2017 Click here to open your Christmas edition of Good Company 2017 Here is your copy of Good Company at Christmas 2017 - your special FREE ebook full of seasonal jokes, festive fun stories and words of wisdom for everyone to enjoy. Here's a quick preview of some of the fun that you'll find in Good Company at Christmas 2017 Just before Christmas, an honest politician, a generous lawyer and Santa Claus all got into the lift of the hotel. As the lift decended from the 5th floor down to the ground level, one-by-one they noticed a €50 note lying on the lift's floor. Which one picked up the €50 note, and handed it in at reception?   Santa of course, the other two don't actually exist! ﻿ Click to enjoy Christmas Good Company 2017 Q. What does Father Christmas do when his elves misbehave? He gives them the sack Q. Why couldn’t the skeleton go to the Christmas party? He had no body to go with Q. Why did no-one bid for Rudolph and Blitzen on eBay? Because they were two deer Q. What happened to the man who stole an advent calendar? He got 25 days Click to enjoy more laughs with Christmas Good Company 2017 The best way to form your New Year company For more than a quarter of a century CFI have been forming hugely successful companies. In the countdown to the New Year, and further down the line to Brexit, we'll be delighted to form a company for you - may we? You are very welcome to visit our website The countdown is on for the last dates for forming a company in 2017. It's now only a few days away. Read Press Release for the latest dates You are always welcome to visit us at 22 Northumberland Road Ballsbridge, Dublin 4 to discuss your company formation and company secretarial requirements. Plus! I can guarantee you a delicious cup of coffee when you call. Click here to send Séan Kavanagh a quick email Simply scan the above QR Code into your mobile phone and, as often as you wish, you can immediately access the CFI website on the move Visit our website Company Formations International Limited | 22 Northumberland Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin, 4 Ireland Unsubscribe steve@formationshouse.com Update Profile | About our service provider Sent by sean@formations.ie in collaboration with Try it free todayAnd here is your special edition of Christmas Good Company 2017
Happy Christmas from all your friends at CFI
Dear Steve,
Every Christmas,
Company Formations International Ltd. take great pleasure in putting together a special Christmas edition of
Good Company
.
It's a FREE ebook full of seasonal jokes, fun stories and words of wisdom for everyone to enjoy.
﻿Its purpose is to give you a smile at Christmastime.
And if we manage to raise more than one smile, so much the better. Because all too often nowadays we are all far too busy promoting our companies and selling our goods and services, that we tend to forget that we need to take time out to relax, share a joke or two, tell a good story and...
... enjoy each other’s company.
Here is your Christmas copy of
Good Company
. I hope you enjoy it and I'd like to take this opportunity to wish you a very happy Christmas and a prosperous New Year in 2018.
Best wishes from all your friends in CFI.
Sean Kavanagh
Managing Director
Enjoy Good Company 2017
Click here to open your Christmas edition of Good Company 2017
Here is your copy of Good Company at Christmas 2017 - your special FREE ebook full of seasonal jokes, festive fun stories and words of wisdom for everyone to enjoy.
Here's a quick preview of some of the fun that you'll find in
Good Company at Christmas 2017
Just before Christmas, an honest politician, a generous lawyer and Santa Claus all got into the lift of the hotel. As the lift decended from the 5th floor down to the ground level, one-by-one they noticed a €50 note lying on the lift's floor. Which one picked up the €50 note, and handed it in at reception?
Santa of course, the other two don't actually exist!
﻿
Click to enjoy Christmas Good Company 2017
Q.
What does Father Christmas do when his elves misbehave?
He gives them the sack
Q.
Why couldn’t the skeleton go to the Christmas party?
He had no body to go with
Q.
Why did no-one bid for Rudolph and Blitzen on eBay?
B
ecause they were two deer
Q.
What happened to the man who stole an advent calendar?
He got 25 days
Click to enjoy more laughs with Christmas Good Company 2017
The best way to form your New Year company
For more than a quarter of a century CFI have been forming hugely successful companies. In the countdown to the
New Year
,
and further down the line to Brexit, we'll be delighted to form a company for you - may we?
You are very welcome to visit our website
The countdown is on for the last dates for forming a company in 2017.
It's now only a few days away.
Read Press Release for the latest dates
You are always welcome to visit us at
22 Northumberland Road Ballsbridge,
Dublin 4
to discuss your company formation and company secretarial requirements.
Plus! I can guarantee you a delicious cup of coffee when you call.
Click here to send Séan Kavanagh a quick email
Simply scan the above
QR Code
into your mobile phone and, as often as you wish, you can immediately access the CFI website on the move
Visit our website
Company Formations International Limited
|
22 Northumberland Road
,
Ballsbridge
,
Dublin, 4 Ireland
Unsubscribe steve@formationshouse.com
Update Profile
|
About our service provider
Sent by
sean@formations.ie
in collaboration with
Try it free today