Date: Thu, 19 Jan 2017 17:21:11 +0000
Subject: Happy New Year! 2017 Specials: Office Space Worldwide, Top Business Lounge in Stockholm, Join Nomad Surfing, Don't miss Future Offices NYC and Dublin Tech Summit
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=163782&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=163782&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
January 2017
Kick-Start Your Year with FREE Office Space!
1 Month FREE Office Space in +40 Cities Worldwide!
Are you looking for flexible and cost-effective workspace solutions that will help your business thrive? This month we are featuring a unique Office Space promotion, offering 1-month
FREE
office space in different cities worldwide when signing a 6-month contract or any longer leases.
Locations on offer include:
London, Berlin, Munich, Amsterdam, Lisbon, Rome, Brussels, Sofia, Budapest, Oslo, The Hague,
Bonn, Bremen, Cologne, Dusseldorf, Essen, Kiel, Magdeburg, Faro, Utrecht, Rotterdam, Seville, Gibraltar, Istanbul, Izmir, 
Ankara, Sliema, Dubai, Manama, San José, Quito, Guayaquil, Montreal, Chicago, Singapore, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Ho Chi Minh, Sydney, Melbourne, Tokyo, Jakarta, Bali
and many more!
Our contemporary workspaces will inspire and energise your business. Get in touch
NOW
to claim your offer!
To claim your
FREE
month in any of these cities or for more information on this offer email us at
enetwork@eoffice.net
Begin 2017 in your Ideal Office!
Don't miss out on our January Special in Stockholm!
Are you looking for an office in the heart of Stockholm City Centre? eOffice Global Partner,
United Spaces
, offers a modern and creative workplace for both Stockholm-based companies and professionals travelling to conduct business in the city.
Hosting a network of like-minded professionals in a stylish and inspiring environment, United Spaces unique coworking space and business lounge provides an ideal place for you to work. To start the year off right, we're offering exclusive deals on
Business Lounge access
for all eOffice Global Network members
Business Lounge access up to 80 hrs/month
10% OFF for the first 3 months
Business Lounge full time
20% OFF for the first 3 months
Don't miss out on the opportunity to work from Stockholm's coolest workspace!
For more information regarding this January Special email us at
enetwork@eoffice.net
Future Offices 2017 NYC Conference
Exclusive 20% OFF for eOffice Members and Friends!
Did you know that the workplace is a key element to employee wellness and to creating a strong company culture? Join us at
Future Offices 2017 NYC
from January 23rd until 25th and learn all about the changing nature of the workplace and the new trends leading us into the future of work.
Don’t miss out on this extraordinary opportunity where speakers from top companies including
Tumblr, Buzzfeed, Okta, USAA, and Primary Workshops
will give their insights on how to improve your office.
eOffice members and friends get an exclusive
20% OFF
so
book
your tickets
now
and don't miss out on this fantastic three-day event!
January 23rd – 25th 2017
20%
Discount Code:
EOFFICE_CALENDAR
Manhattan NYC – An Affinia Hotel Collection
371 7th Avenue at 31st Street, New York NY 10001 USA
50% OFF Dublin Tech Summit 2017!
Shaping the Future of Global Trends and Technologies
This two-day summit will showcase everything the Irish capital has to offer as a global technology hub.
Dublin Tech Summit
(DTS)
will bring together leaders in innovation, technology an business to shape the future of global trends and technologies.
Claim your
50% discount
HERE
and join us this upcoming February 15th and 16th, 2017 to meet and learn from leaders shaping the future of industries.
February 15th &16th, 2017
Convention Centre Dublin, Dublin, Ireland
Claim your
50% discount
by clicking
HERE
or using promo code
eoffice17
Book your ticket
NOW!
New Year's Resolution: Travel, Work & Surf!
Digital Nomads Come Together Around Surfing
Would you like
to continue your job, while at the same time
travel and surf
? Are you looking for the best surf spots that also have places where you can work with superfast WiFi? Would you prefer to travel with a group
of
like-minded digital nomads rather than by yourself? We have the solution!
Nomad Surfing
brings together digital nomads and remote workers to
Travel, Work & Surf.
By travelling together for four months, we strive to promote a location independent lifestyle and support each participant’s personal and 
professional growth.
Nomad Surfing provides an itinerary, which enables all participants to make the most of their work while enjoying a healthy lifestyle around surfing.
4 Months. 4 Countries. 35 Participants.
Tour starts April 2017. Spots are limited.
Apply
NOW
!
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here