Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2017 22:30:05 -0000
Subject: RE: client concerns over Gambia company
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <cpqueries@accountscentre.com>
To: "'Steve Smith \(Formations House\)'" <steve@formationshouse.com>

Dear Mr Lehwald.

 

We apologise for the delay in answering your concern, we wanted to recheck
the current status of The Gambia.

The government has a lot of unrest at the moment and there have been
multiple changes in the ministry positions. They have withdrawn the notices
as the were placed by a new minister who wanted the evidence of the signed
Presidential Decree approving the implementation of the Commerce Registry in
Gambia and the Commerce Zone near Banjul Airport.

 

ICommerce Registry website has been taken from public access, and access is
limited for forming new IBC's. We have left the product on our website as it
enables potential customers to contact and us and discuss an alternative
option unless they wish to go ahead with the IBC as according the to
contract between Commerce Registry and The government of Gambia is still
valid and has not been formerly revoked.

 

Formations House however is currently working with several new jurisdictions
to offer another option in the same vein as The Gambia but in a country with
much less instability.

 

If you wish to renew, you may. We can offer in the future once the new
jurisdiction are available, the option to relocate the company, same name
and if possible the same company number. We would look to do this at minimal
cost.

 

I hope this email has helped clarify the position, but please do feel free
to ask any further questions

 

 

From: Steve Smith (Formations House) [mailto:steve@formationshouse.com] 
Sent: 19 January 2017 11:48
To: 'Charlotte Pawar' <cpqueries@accountscentre.com>
Subject: client concerns over Gambia company
Importance: High

 

Hi,

 

This client registered Gambian company name LAHERA through us in 2015 and
now he have following concerns.

 

From: Ralf Lehwald [mailto:lehwald@myaccess.com.au] 
Sent: Wednesday, 18 January, 2017 11:26 PM
To: 'Steve Smith (Formations House)'
Cc: support@formationshouse.com <mailto:support@formationshouse.com> 
Subject: RE: LAHERA : Urgent Response Required
Importance: High

 

Hi Steve,

 

In 2015 I set up an offshore IBC in The Gambia using the services of
Formationshouse. The renewal was due in Nov. 2016, which I missed. After
looking into it, as I intended to still renew, I came across some
information, that the Gambia IBC is a scam and was not supported by their
Government. I can also not access the iCommerce Support website. On your
Formationshouse website you still offer this Gambia IBC, which conflicts
with all other info about it. Could you please update me on this issue.

 

Thank you,

Ralf

 

  _____  

Dear Mr Lehwald.
We apologise for the delay in answering your concern, we wanted to recheck the current status of The Gambia.
The government has a lot of unrest at the moment and there have been multiple changes in the ministry positions. They have withdrawn the notices as the were placed by a new minister who wanted the evidence of the signed Presidential Decree approving the implementation of the Commerce Registry in Gambia and the Commerce Zone near Banjul Airport.
ICommerce Registry website has been taken from public access, and access is limited for forming new IBC’s. We have left the product on our website as it enables potential customers to contact and us and discuss an alternative option unless they wish to go ahead with the IBC as according the to contract between Commerce Registry and The government of Gambia is still valid and has not been formerly revoked.
Formations House however is currently working with several new jurisdictions to offer another option in the same vein as The Gambia but in a country with much less instability.
If you wish to renew, you may. We can offer in the future once the new jurisdiction are available, the option to relocate the company, same name and if possible the same company number. We would look to do this at minimal cost.
I hope this email has helped clarify the position, but please do feel free to ask any further questions
From:
Steve Smith (Formations House) [mailto:steve@formationshouse.com]
Sent:
19 January 2017 11:48
To:
'Charlotte Pawar' <cpqueries@accountscentre.com>
Subject:
client concerns over Gambia company
Importance:
High
Hi,
This client registered Gambian company name LAHERA through us in 2015 and now he have following concerns.
From:
Ralf Lehwald [
mailto:lehwald@myaccess.com.au
]
Sent:
Wednesday, 18 January, 2017 11:26 PM
To:
'Steve Smith (Formations House)'
Cc:
support@formationshouse.com
Subject:
RE: LAHERA : Urgent Response Required
Importance:
High
Hi Steve,
In 2015 I set up an offshore IBC in The Gambia using the services of Formationshouse. The renewal was due in Nov. 2016, which I missed. After looking into it, as I intended to still renew, I came across some information, that the Gambia IBC is a scam and was not supported by their Government. I can also not access the iCommerce Support website. On your Formationshouse website you still offer this Gambia IBC, which conflicts with all other info about it. Could you please update me on this issue.
Thank you,
Ralf