Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 11:10:28 -0400 (EDT)
Subject: UPDATE: Bank Contract Not Required for New Applications
From: Euro Pacific Bank <partners@europacbank.com>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Dear Partner,

We no longer require a bank contract for new account applications that are introduced after 02 June 2017. Applications submitted prior to this date will continue to require a bank contract.

In place of the bank contract, we require the client agree to the updated Terms & Conditions which are found on the Online Account Profile Form [https://secure.europacbank.com/register.php].

A new Legal page [https://europacbank.com/legal/] has been published, consolidating all of the bank's Terms & Conditions as well as other key documents and reference material.

Organizational Tool

We have created optional KYC Checklists to help you keep track of the required documents

Personal Account KYC Checklist [https://files.europacbank.com/docs/KYC_Checklist_Personal.pdf ]
Corporate Account KYC Checklist [https://files.europacbank.com/docs/KYC_Checklist_Personal.pdf]

If you have questions about these developments, please don't hesitate to contact us at partners@europacbank.com

Sincerely,
The Business Development Team at Euro Pacific Bank

This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.Online Account Profile
Online Account Profile
Dear Partner
We no longer require a bank contract for new account applications that are introduced after
02 June 2017
. Applications submitted prior to this date will continue to require a bank contract.
In place of the bank contract, we require the client agree to the updated Terms & Conditions which are found on the
Online Account Profile Form
.
A new
Legal page
has been published, consolidating all of the bank's Terms & Conditions as well as other key documents and reference material.
Organizational Tool
We have created optional KYC Checklists to help you keep track of the required documents
Personal Account KYC Checklist
Corporate Account KYC Checklist
If you have questions about these developments, please don't hesitate to contact us at
partners@europacbank.com
Sincerely,
The Business Development Team at Euro Pacific Bank
This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
Click here
if you don't wish to receive these messages in the future