Date: Tue, 16 May 2017 11:34:51 +0000
Subject: The countdown has begun! Coworking Conference London, London Tech Week,  Clerkenwell Design Week, The Europas Startup Competition, Kairos Project Startup Programme, Enterprise Hub Showcase
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=166360&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=166360&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
May 2017
The countdown has begun!
The Coworking Conference London
Inspiring Insights into the Future of the Flexible Workspace Market
In collaboration with
London
Tech Week -
The Coworking Conference
is back for the 4th year in a row! The event will take place across 8 of London's most inspiring coworking spaces on
Thursday 15th and Friday 16th June 2017.
The venues include
FORA, US & Co, Be Offices, Eight Club, Clubhouse, eOffice, The Collective, Work.Life
and
Interchange
.
On Thursday, we will be discussing the rise of the coworking phenomenon, key trends impacting well-being and productivity in the workplace, and the latest on PropTech. Keynote speakers include
Caleb Parker
(Bold Tech Ventures),
Giovanni Roberto
Franzan
(Yndica),
JevanJevan Nagaraja
(Share Dining),
Jonathan Weinbrenn
(The Instant Group),
Leanne Beesley
(Coworker),
Mike Adams
(VEGA Europe),
Niall Ingham
(CBRE Creative London), and
Nour Mouakk
(Wizme).
On Friday, we will explore today’s flexible office market from a UK and an International perspective. Presentations and a panel discussion will gather some of London’s and the world’s most innovative office operators including
Adam Blaskey
(The Clubhouse),
Althaea Federlei
(Iconic Offices),
Carlos Gonçalves
(Avila Spaces),
Charlie Green
(The Office Group),
David Kosky
, (Work.Life),
Enrico Sanna
(FORA),
Gabriela Hersham
(Huckletree),
Goran Garberg
(United Spaces),
Jack Martin
(Interchange),
Jonathan Reed
(Tobacco Dock),
Jonny Rosenblatt
(Headspace Group), 
and
Katie Cleary
(Meristem Design).
Don't miss this valuable opportunity to gain real insight into Future of the Flexible Workspace Market!
The Coworking Conference London
#CoworkLondon17
Book
your place now!
Thursday 15th and Friday 16th June 2017, London
Only one month till London Tech Week!
The Most Inspirational Week in the Tech Industry Calendar!
Bringing together over 40,000 tech experts and enthusiasts,
London Tech Week
provides an unrivalled festival of live events, allowing you
to network
, learn and create new business opportunities and partnerships.
From high-octane professional
Drone Racing
at Alexandra Palace to the exclusive
Prince’s Trust VIP & Ambassadors Gala Dinne
r and a Festival Concert with Hans Zimmer, there’s something for everyone at London Tech Week.
As well as the social programme, some of the biggest names in tech such as
Google, Microsoft
and
WPP
will meet in Victoria at the
Leaders In Tech Summit
to debate about the future of tech and the macro issues affecting the entire tech ecosystem.
There’s also
TechXLR8
, a mega-tech exhibition and seminar programme combining 8 events under one roof at the ExCel from Tuesday 13th to Thursday 15th June.
London Tech Week #LTW
Monday, June 12th until Friday 16th June 2017.
For more information, to register as a visitor or sign up an event, visit
www.londontechweek.com
Green is the New Black at Clerkenwell Design Week
Biophilia and the connection between a green office and a happy office
Clerkenwell Design week is just a few days away! Explore the links between plants in your office and the positive effects on your workforce. When it comes to absenteeism the proof is in the numbers, and the study on Global Impact of Biophilic Design shows clear results. Even NASA has contributed to the ever increasing boom of Biophilic designs. Come and find out all the benefits you can gain and how other companies are using Biophilia in their workplace.
* This talk is scheduled to last 45 mins.
Join us at Gee Street Showroom in East London and listen to amazing guest speakers talk about Biophilia, Living walls, Carbon Footprinting, and Virtual Reality whilst enjoying a selection of local Yorkshire beers, pies and more!
Clerkenwell Design Week
#CDW17
Tuesday, 23rd May until Thursday, 25th May 2017
Gee Street Showroom, 1st floor, 45 Gee Street, London, EC1V 3RS
Reserve your FREE seat
HERE
The Europas Startup Conference and Award
s
eOffice Members Get 15% OFF The Europas !
13 June 2017, London In one single day you will see great speakers from the US and Europe, deep-dive into niche discussion groups relevant to your business, network with Europe’s key founders and investors, and enjoy a stunning awards dinner and party. Instead of a massive anonymous “congress”, the majority of The Europas delegates are invited key players and experts, keeping the numbers low and the networking high quality.
The Europas Startup Conference and Awards #TheEuropas
Tuesday, 13th June 2017, 9:00 - 23:55
Here East, Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, E20 3BS, London
BOOK HERE
Promo Code:
EOFFICE
Project Kairos Bespoke Startup
Event
Connecting Startups to Empower the Next Disruptors in Tech
Project Kairos
is the dedicated startup event at
TechXLR8
, the three-day festival at the heart of London’s largest technology festival -
London Tech Week
. On June 13-15 Project Kairos will showcase 150+ technology startups to 15,000+ industry visitors and investors at London ExCeL.
Don’t miss the chance to be inspired!
• Showcase your business with a stand at the
Startup City Demo Zone
• Pitch-off for the
Innovation of Things Award
• Connect through the
Concierged Meeting Service
which provides a matching service between investors, enterprises and startups
• Get inspired at the
Startup Academy
where you'll find engaging content for startups focussed on entrepreneurship skills
• Strike a deal at the
Investor Lounge
: VIP area reserved for the investor and enterprise community
Along with this, your startup will have the opportunity to meet and network with the biggest brands and investors, gain valuable business insight from leading entrepreneurs and take part in pitch-off competitions.
There is a limited number of free passes available.
Register
NOW
with your priority code
EOFFICE
to claim yours.
Project Kairos #ProjectKairos
Tuesday 13th until Thursday 15th June 2017
ExCel, London
Enterprise Hub Showcase 2017
The Royal Academy of Engineering's Enterprises Hub is home to the UK's most promising deep technology and engineering entrepreneurs!
Mentored by Fellows of the Academy, these entrepreneurs are developing emerging technologies such as
big data, wearables, machine learning and artificial intelligence revolutionising infrastructure systems, health, life sciences, manufacturing and materials sectors.
If you’d like to meet these founders before they make it big, join us for an evening of pitches, interactive demos and networking. This is an invitation-only event. Please RSVP via Eventbrite.
Enterprise Hub Showcase 2017 #HubShowcase
Tuesday, 23rd May, 17:30
The Royal Academy of Engineering SW1Y 5DG, London
RSVP
here
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here