Date: Wed, 15 Feb 2017 13:54:47 +0000
Subject: Bye Bye Winter Blues: February Special in South Africa, Madrid South Summit Startup Competition, Hong Kong Welcome Offer, Paris Hacking de l'Hotel de Ville, St. Gallen Startup Summit
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=164505&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=164505&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
February 2017
Up to 3 Months FREE Office Space in South Africa!
Work from Cape Town & Johannesburg's Coolest Workspaces
Are you looking for premium, flexible, and cost-effective workspace solutions in South Africa? This month we are featuring a unique Office Space promotion from our Global Network partner
Cube Workspace
in Cape Town and Johannesburg, offering up to 3 months FREE office space when signing a 12-month contract or any longer leases
*terms and conditions apply.
To claim your
FREE
offer or for more information send us an email to
enetwork@eoffice.net
South Summit is Back!
Apply Now and Join the World's Most Disruptive Startups
A 3-day Entrepreneurship Summit that gathers together some of the top investors, corporates and entrepreneurs from all over the world.
100 lucky startups will be selected to pitch in front of a global audience, as well as to show off their innovative businesses through a personalised marketplace. Pre-arranged meetings with key investors and a selection of top speakers will put the icing on the cake to make of South Summit 2017 the perfect place for your startup to grow big!
South Summit will take place in Madrid, Spain at
La N@VE
from October 4th until 6th 2017.
DO YOU DARE TO PARTICIPATE?
Apply
NOW
to have access to the
South Summit Startup Package
*Closing date for applications is May 31st, 2017
Get 2 Months FREE Office Space in Hong Kong!
An Exclusive Welcome Offer to Help you Grow your Business
Our Global Network Partner
BRIDGES Executive Centre
is presenting an enticing offer to welcome new members and help them settle by offering
2 months rent FREE
when signing a 12-month agreement or any longer leases.
Located in Hong Kong's Central Business District, BRIDGES' contemporary workspace offers the flexibility and professionalism your business needs to grow. E
njoy this hassle-free package inclusive of broadband Internet access, private phone set, direct line per user, and pantry items.
*terms and conditions apply.
To claim your
FREE
offer or for more information send us an email to
enetwork@eoffice.net
#HackingParis @ l'Hôtel de Ville
Take Part in Paris' Greatest Gathering of Innovation Stakeholders
On March 16th, 2017, the Mayor of Paris will give the keys to the City Hall to 1,040 French and foreign startups, experts and investors to collaborate and create partnerships around major international sports events.
If you are a startup, an expert, investor, or a large group and wish to take part in
#HackingParis
you can register
HERE
Thursday, March 16th, 2017, 9:00 - 18:00
3 rue de Lobau, 75004 Paris, France
Register
HERE
#StartSummit @ St. Gallen Switzerland
Be Where Innovation Happens
We are looking forward to the
START Summit 2017
, Europe’s leading student-led conference for entrepreneurship and technology. Be part of a unique experience and meet students, startups and investors from all around Europe and beyond. A must event for all entrepreneurs looking for something new!
START Summit's prestigious pitching competition,
START Summiteer
,
gives the best 30 start-ups the possibility to present themselves over 3 rounds. Each startup participating at START Summit can apply and will receive the opportunity to pitch their idea/product in front of numerous investors. The winner will receive a prize money of 10’000 CHF and plenty of fame.
Friday 24th & Saturday 25th March 2017
Olma Messen, St. Gallen, Switzerland
Register
NOW
to take part in
#StartSummit
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here