Date: Wed, 8 Feb 2017 12:40:16 +0000
Subject: February Specials: The Sociable Network by Wistla, Tech Pitch 4.5 calling Music, Media and Entertainment Startups, Exclusive Offers on Meeting Space at eOffice, Learning Expedition at eOffice,
From: eOffice <NOREPLY@eoffice.net>
To: steve@formationshouse.com

Having trouble viewing this online? [http://email-eoffice.net/l/c.php?c=1397&ct=164351&si=31720281&u=steve] to view in your browser.





This email has been sent to you by EOffice

eOffice

To unsubscribe go to http://email-eoffice.net/l/u.x?c=1397&ct=164351&si=31720281&u=steve



Having trouble viewing this online?
Click here
to view in your browser.
February 2017
Make your Company More Sociable!
Join Wistla's Sociable Network
Wistla is all about trying to make the world more sociable by creating a network that gets you together with your crowds. B
eing sociable means hanging out with your crowd, so whoever you are, give your crowd a home on Wistla!
Feel the buzz of a shared moment  and click
HERE
to find out more and start climbing that Sociable Ladder with Wistla!
Tech Pitch 4.5 Music Media & Entertainment
eOffice Members get 20% OFF
Join us on February 28th for an exciting and insightful evening
featuring a keynote presentation followed by eight music, media, and entertainment tech startups presenting their business ideas and revenue models during a three-minute pitch followed by a five minute Q&A by a panel of judges. A winner will be scored by the judges, and there will be a general vote to pick the audience favourite
.
eOffice members and friends receive a
20% discount
on available tickets to attend
TechPitch 4.5
Music Media & Entertainment
🎶🌐🎬🎥
Book your place and discount
HERE
Tuesday, 28 February 2017, 18.30 - 22.00
The Atrium @ Interchange
Stables Market, Chalk Farm Rd, NW1 8AB, London
Book your ticket
NOW and get
20% OFF
Need a Stylish Meeting Room in Central London?
25% OFF Meeting & Conference Rooms at eOffice
If you're looking for a professional meeting room in the heart of London, check out our design-led meeting and conference rooms equipped with videoconferencing facilities, large plasma TV screens and the latest in technology. eOffice's
ideal location, just off Oxford Street has excellent transportation links, hands-on customer service and inspiring interior – all you need for your professional image.
Book your next meeting at eOffice!
Claim your exclusive
25% discount
HERE
* Offer valid until March 31st for bookings made before February 28th
Learning Expedition at eOffice
From Paris to London: Fench entrepreneurs visit eOffice
Last Thursday, February 2nd, a group of French entrepreneurs organised by eOffice marketing partner,
Beeleev
visited our headquarters in Soho to meet some of our members and exchange ideas on development strategies and their vision of the UK market.
This "
Learning Expedition"
opened a door to our high-level community of successful and fast-growing community of entrepreneurs to expand their knowledge and build mutually beneficial connections over a delightful and breakfast and a relaxed and friendly atmosphere.
Click
HERE
to find out more about our partner
Beeleev
!
MEETING ROOMS
HOTDESKING
LOCATIONS
eOffice meeting rooms are the best way to get together in the city centre. Whether you are aiming to impress a new client or catch up with an existing one, our stylish and comfortable meeting rooms make it easy for you to present your compa
ny's most professional face.
If you want the benefits of being based in a central city location, yet with more flexibility and lower overheads than a fully serviced office - hotdesking is the right service for you.
eOffice is proud to announce that we are now present in over 200 locations worldwide. Some of the latest partners include Serbia, Uganda, Luxembourg and Beirut.
Home
About Us
Offices
Meeting Rooms
Virtual Office
Image Gallery
Locations
Contact Us
This email has been sent to you by EOffice
eOffice
To unsubscribe
click here