Date: Wed, 04 Oct 2017 09:09:04 -0700
Subject: Letter of Authorisation
From: <ross@wcgci.com>
To: Cynthia@mayfair-offshore.com, info@formationshouse.com,
  sarah@formationshouse.com
CC: "Robin Allan" <robin.allan@turnerlittle.com>

Dear All,
With regards to my offshore company , I have instructed Turner Little to handle all future dealings, attached is a letter of authorisation.
If you need anything further, do not hesitate to contact me.
Kind regards
Ross
Ross Stout
Managing Director
Office: 0044 203 638 6699
Mobile: 0044 795 646 0239
Email:
ross@wcgci.com
Web:
www.wcgci.com
UK Head Office:
101 Finsbury Pavement, Moorgate, London, EC2A 1RS
International Headquaters:
World Class Group Consultants INC (WCGCI) company no. 134519 Mayfair Trust Group Limited, Second floor, Capital City, Independence Avenue, P.O. Box 1312, Victoria, Mahè, Republic of Seychelles.
Disclaimer:This email message and its attachments are confidential may be privileged. If you are not the intended recipient please inform us. Any unauthorised dissemination, distribution or copying hereof is prohibited. As we cannot guarantee the genuineness or completeness of the information contained in this message, the statements set forth above are not legally binding. In connection therewith, we also refer to the governing regulations concerning signatory authority published in the standard company signature lists with regard to the legally binding effect of statements made with the intent to obligate the company. If you are not the intended recipient, please inform the sender by telephone or email and delete this email and any attachment from your system. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy this email or attachment or disclose the contents to any other person. The sender has taken reasonable precautions to ensure that this email does not contain computer viruses or any other hazardous codes, but advises recipients to perform their own checks as a further safeguard. Thank you for your cooperation. For any further information please contact
info@wcgci.com
Registered Company Number: 134519 Seychelles