Date: Thu, 9 Nov 2017 06:25:01 -0800
Subject: Inspiration From A War Veteran! 
From: 123Greetings <newsletter@123greetings.info> 
To: sarah@formationshouse.com

Message from 123Greetings
click to open in browser
Inspiration From A War Veteran!
“Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.” ~ John 15:13
Strolls with Fred are one of my favorite things. I look forward to spending some quality time with this Vietnamese War
veteran
buddy of mine, who has seen life more closely and is a deep thinker and philosopher.
Perturbed by constantly changing work and personal conditions, I am unable to hold on to my enthusiasm, Fred, I said. Fred was looking straight ahead as we walked alongside each other on Broadway street one evening. On top of it I have the onus of making my readers lives joyful and cheerful. Thats what I do, I work to bring a smile on their faces, how can I have these low moments of dullness and gloominess?
Fred stopped and looked straight into my eyes, Bob, do you truly love your people and purpose? I nodded and remarked in amazement, You doubt that! Fred responded with a smile, No, I am reminding you that you need to focus on that, instead of the dynamism of ups and downs caused by lifes various unforeseen events. He was right, it is like a vicious circle of thoughts and judgments that give shape to our reality.
Read 
                      More
Send Ecard
Send Ecard
Will be back next week.
Till Then, Spread Some Cheer !
Love, Light & Laughter
Editor,123Greetings
123Greetings Mobile App
OR
Scan
Mobile Website:
m.123greetings.com
Follow us on:
To read Bob's regular story see
Click 
                              here
or
Share 
                              with friends
You are subscribed as
sarah@formationshouse.com
. To unsubscribe please visit
here
.
You may also Opt-out by replying to this mail with "Unsub" in the Subject line.
Privacy Policy
|
Help
Copyright © 123Greetings. All rights reserved.
123greetings.com, Inc.,
1674 Broadway, Suite 403,
New York, NY 10019.