Date: Thu, 16 Nov 2017 15:57:01 +0900
Subject: Mail Request
From: Asami Yamada <asami@assencial.com>
To: sarah <sarah@formationshouse.com>

Hello Sarah,

It has been a long time since I last contacted you. How have you been?

We would like to ask you something. Do you remember that Seven Star
Management Limited requested you to send mails from your office to Japanese
clients? They firstly sent a parcel that contains some envelops to your
office and you opened the parcel and sent back the envelops to the Japanese
address written on it. It successfully worked at the beginning but you just
kept the envelops in your office ultimately and some of their clients did
not receive mails. This may have been happened because of communication
negligence in your office. You needed to tell clearly about their order to
the person in charge of mails. However, this time, we would like you to do
it without any mistakes for our client.

Once again, all you will have to do is open the parcel, check the number of
envelops in it, bring all the envelops to post office and send them by an
ordinary mail. The envelops already contain letters in them and destination
and the sender's address are already written. You just open the box and
bring the letters to post office. It is going to be twice a month and
50-100 envelops each time.
Each envelop contains only one letter so it weighs only about 10 grams.

If you can do this, please tell us the cost for mailing of 1 envelop. If
the cost is acceptable, we will order a company formation in UK with the
service.

We look forward to hearing from you.

Best Regards,

Asami Yamada

Direct: +81(0)70-5079-4685
TEL: +81(0)3-5577-4856
EMAIL: asami@assencial.com <ike@assencial.com>
URL: www.assencial.jp
Hello Sarah,
It has been a long time since I last contacted you. How have you been?
We would like to ask you something. Do you remember that Seven Star Management Limited requested you to send mails from your office to Japanese clients? They firstly sent a parcel that contains some envelops to your office and you opened the parcel and sent back the envelops to the Japanese address written on it. It successfully worked at the beginning but you just kept the envelops in your office ultimately and some of their clients did not receive mails. This may have been happened because of communication negligence in your office. You needed to tell clearly about their order to the person in charge of mails. However, this time, we would like you to do it without any mistakes for our client.
Once again, all you will have to do is open the parcel, check the number of envelops in it, bring all the envelops to post office and send them by an ordinary mail. The envelops already contain letters in them and destination and the sender's address are already written. You just open the box and bring the letters to post office. It is going to be twice a month and 50-100 envelops each time.
Each envelop contains only one letter so it weighs only about 10 grams.
If you can do this, please tell us the cost for mailing of 1 envelop. If the cost is acceptable, we will order a company formation in UK with the service.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Best Regards,
Asami Yamada
Direct: +81(0)70-5079-4685
TEL: +81(0)3-5577-4856
EMAIL: asami
@assencial.com
URL:
www.assencial.jp