Date: Mon, 21 Aug 2017 10:15:24 +0100
Subject: FW: For the attention of Rachel - account 6100043
From: SLEEX LTD - DR CORINNA CZUJACK <corinna.czujack@mysleex.com>
To: <sarah@formationshouse.com>

Dear Sarah,

 

as you are my account manager, please find my email below. I need an urgent
solution for this.

 

Thank you for your help.

 

Kind regards

Corinna

 

From: SLEEX LTD - DR CORINNA CZUJACK [mailto:corinna.czujack@mysleex.com] 
Sent: 21 August 2017 09:35
To: 'Formations House' <support@formationshouse.com>;
'help@formationshouse.com' <help@formationshouse.com>
Subject: For the attention of Rachel - account 6100043

 

Dear Rachel,

 

thank you for talking to me just now.

 

As you had asked me, I am writing an email to you with the request to pass
this on to management.

 

As discussed, the exact timing of the change of address has significant
consequences for any business including mine.

I had been told the address changes on the 18th of August or earlier
(possibly the 12th). This has not happened.

 

It is not a matter of just having mail forwarded from a different address,
it is not only a national issue, where, as soon 

as Companieshouse has changed the address, I can inform my partners and all
is fine.

 

I have the urgent need to register for tax in other countries outside
Europe. And I cannot register there with an address, and a week

later tell the foreign tax office the address is changing. People will
wonder, I would. It is not professional.

 

So, I really need to know the date of the change of address for Sleex Ltd
and Sleex USA Ltd. I cannot live with "we will

let you know when it has happened". There are too big consequences.

 

So I need your help. Please clarify whether the address change will likely
be in one month time or in one week's time.

 

Many thanks for getting back to me as quickly as possible.

 

Best regards

Corinna

 



 

Dear Sarah,
as you are my account manager, please find my email below. I need an urgent solution for this.
Thank you for your help.
Kind regards
Corinna
From:
SLEEX LTD – DR CORINNA CZUJACK [mailto:corinna.czujack@mysleex.com]
Sent:
21 August 2017 09:35
To:
'Formations House' <support@formationshouse.com>; 'help@formationshouse.com' <help@formationshouse.com>
Subject:
For the attention of Rachel - account 6100043
Dear Rachel,
thank you for talking to me just now.
As you had asked me, I am writing an email to you with the request to pass this on to management.
As discussed, the exact timing of the change of address has significant consequences for any business including mine.
I had been told the address changes on the 18
th
of August or earlier (possibly the 12
th
). This has not happened.
It is not a matter of just having mail forwarded from a different address, it is not only a national issue, where, as soon
as Companieshouse has changed the address, I can inform my partners and all is fine.
I have the urgent need to register for tax in other countries outside Europe. And I cannot register there with an address, and a week
later tell the foreign tax office the address is changing. People will wonder, I would. It is not professional.
So, I really need to know the date of the change of address for Sleex Ltd and Sleex USA Ltd. I cannot live with “we will
let you know when it has happened”. There are too big consequences.
So I need your help. Please clarify whether the address change will likely be in one month time or in one week’s time.
Many thanks for getting back to me as quickly as possible.
Best regards
Corinna