Date: Thu, 27 Jul 2017 08:14:56 -0700
Subject: What Everybody Ought To Know About Old Friends! 
From: 123Greetings <newsletter@123greetings.info> 
To: sarah@formationshouse.com

Message from 123Greetings
click to open in browser
What Everybody Ought To Know About Old Friends!
Cherish the friends that make tomorrow better than yesterday! ~Editor Bob
Blueberry, chocolate or caramel? Aaliyah bellowed from the kitchen as she pondered over a list of ingredients needed for baking a cheesecake.
Blueberry, I said as I entered the kitchen.
Adding the last few elements to her list, Aaliyah folded the paper, grabbed her purse and we were out of the door. We were on a mission to bake the best
cheesecake
in town.
For many days now, Adrian, Donna, Kate, Megan, Steve, Aaliyah and I had been planning to have a dessert rendezvous to beat the
summer
heat. Each of us had decided what we were bringing to a dessert potluck at our home and we were making a cheesecake!
Within 30 minutes, we had picked up all the necessary ingredients and were back home. We both immediately jumped into action, beating the cream cheese, whisking the eggs and blending all the ingredients together. Once in the oven, Aaliyahs eyes kept darting to see how it was coming along.
When the oven ring went off, she ran towards it. Her eyes gleaming, she took it out of the oven, satisfied, relieved and ecstatic about what we had been able to create. It took a lot of willpower to not devour it immediately.
Next day, our house was buzzing with people and the smell of delicious desserts. As everyone began placing their creations on the table, Aaliyah went to take hers out of the fridge as well. While walking, she tripped and the whole cake went smashing on the floor.
Her face fell, she was devastated. All the effort and
love
she had put in the day before, had come down to nothing. What happened next was surprising and wonderful at the same time.
Read 
                      More
Send Ecard
Send Ecard
Will be back next week.
Till Then, Spread Some Cheer !
Love, Light & Laughter
Editor,123Greetings
123Greetings Mobile App
OR
Scan
Mobile Website:
m.123greetings.com
Follow us on:
To read Bob's regular story see
Click 
                              here
or
Share 
                              with friends
You are subscribed as
sarah@formationshouse.com
. To unsubscribe please visit
here
.
You may also Opt-out by replying to this mail with "Unsub" in the Subject line.
Privacy Policy
|
Help
Copyright © 123Greetings. All rights reserved.
123greetings.com, Inc.,
1674 Broadway, Suite 403,
New York, NY 10019.