Date: Thu, 27 Jul 2017 12:58:58 +0100
Subject: Proposed New Company   Jeff Rathbone Limited 
From: "Hartburn Accountancy" <hartburn.accountancy@virginmedia.com>
To: "'Sarah'" <sarah@formationshouse.com>

 

Dear Sarah

 

 

Please find attached your completed form together with the proposed
companies PSC Register and two forms of ID regarding the proposed director .

 

The proposed company director Mr J S Rathbone will be the PSC officer of the
company.

 

The SIC Code is 71121 ( Engineering Design Activities for Industrial Process
& Production)

 

We have already transferred £50 to your bank account for the company
formation costs.

 

If you require any further information please do not hesitate in contacting
us.

 

Kind Regards

 

 

Paul Harrison

 

 

FOR AND ON BEHALF OF HARTBURN ACOUNTANCY LIMITED


This email together with any attachments are strictly confidential and
intended for the recipient only.  If you are not the intended recipient, you
must not disclose, copy, distribute or otherwise use it in any way
whatsoever.  If you have received this email in error please notify the
sender by replying to this email, and deleting the original and any printout
thereof.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dear Sarah
Please find attached your completed form together with the proposed companies PSC Register and two forms of ID regarding the proposed director .
The proposed company director Mr J S Rathbone will be the PSC officer of the company.
The SIC Code is 71121 ( Engineering Design Activities for Industrial Process & Production)
We have already transferred £50 to your bank account for the company formation costs.
If you require any further information please do not hesitate in contacting us.
Kind Regards
Paul Harrison
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF HARTBURN ACOUNTANCY LIMITED
This email together with any attachments are strictly confidential and intended for the recipient only.  If you are not the intended recipient, you must not disclose, copy, distribute or otherwise use it in any way whatsoever.  If you have received this email in error please notify the sender by replying to this email, and deleting the original and any printout thereof.