Date: Thu, 14 Dec 2017 17:09:46 +0000
Subject: Re: Interpath Accts
From: Gareth Jones <garethjones123@hotmail.com>
To: Charlotte Pawar <charlotte@formationshouse.com>
CC: 'Sarah' <sarah@formationshouse.com>, "nadya@formations.house"
	<nadya@formations.house>

thanks Charlotte

Sent from my BlackBerry — the most secure mobile device — via the O2 Network
From: charlotte@formationshouse.com
Sent: 14 December 2017 5:07 pm
To: garethjones123@hotmail.com
Cc: sarah@formationshouse.com; nadya@formations.house
Subject: Interpath Accts


Dear Gareth and partners,

I’ve looked at the history of the discussions and can see there are a lot of changes and requests within a short time.

Our accounts team finish by 3pm each day as typically all filings are done by 2pm on the day required. The accounts we filed had been approved by yourselves and I understand that perhaps they weren’t checked. I understand this is sometimes the case.

The accounts you wanted to file are quite different to the ones from the period before in terms of the headers and columns, micro entity accounts merge these and as a result sometimes the totals do not quite reflect the assets or shareholder funds. I understand however you would like all headers to be unmerged and less abbreviated.
I can see from the accounts you prepared, there is a tax liability.
In the morning I will speak with our head of accounting again and check before filing they will match in terms of assets and revenues what you wish to show, and we will ask once more for an approval in our filing format, and then file.

Kind Regards,

Charlotte Pawar

[cid:image002.png@01D374FE.090A9500]<http://www.formationshouse.com/>

thanks Charlotte
Sent from my BlackBerry — the most secure mobile device — via the O2 Network
From:
charlotte@formationshouse.com
Sent:
14 December 2017 5:07 pm
To:
garethjones123@hotmail.com
Cc:
sarah@formationshouse.com; nadya@formations.house
Subject:
Interpath Accts
Dear Gareth and partners,
I’ve looked at the history of the discussions and can see there are a lot of changes and requests within a short time.
Our accounts team finish by 3pm each day as typically all filings are done by 2pm on the day required. The accounts we filed had been approved by yourselves and I understand that perhaps they weren’t checked. I understand this is sometimes
 the case.
The accounts you wanted to file are quite different to the ones from the period before in terms of the headers and columns, micro entity accounts merge these and as a result sometimes the totals do not quite reflect the assets or shareholder
 funds. I understand however you would like all headers to be unmerged and less abbreviated.
I can see from the accounts you prepared, there is a tax liability.
In the morning I will speak with our head of accounting again and check before filing they will match in terms of assets and revenues what you wish to show, and we will ask once more for an approval in our filing format, and then file.
Kind Regards,
Charlotte Pawar