Date: Thu, 12 Oct 2017 07:22:13 -0700
Subject: 21 Day Guide To Simpler Living! 
From: 123Greetings <newsletter@123greetings.info> 
To: sarah@formationshouse.com

Message from 123Greetings
click to open in browser
21 Day Guide To Simpler Living!
“Develop a mind that abides nowhere” – Diamond Sutra
21 days ago I began a journey towards a simpler and more meaningful lifestyle. I can’t believe the overwhelming response we got during this time. By making a small change every day, like I did, I realized the essence and core of who I really am and succeeded in fulfilling the promise I made myself so many days ago.
On the 21st day, I’d like to provide all my readers with one space where they can find the steps I took to start this new life.
Day 1: Decluttering.
Clutter, both mental and physical, weighs us down. I took an oath 21 days ago to achieve the task of decluttering my surroundings and mind by putting one foot in front of the other each day. More on that
here.
Day 2: Health.
I reconsidered the items that entered my body. Our body is a temple and we need to treat it so. Develop a routine that incorporates a form of exercise like jogging or yoga, along with a proper diet to feel clean and fresh. Read about day 2
here.
Day 3: Prioritizing Relationships.
Why must we take out time for people who bring us down? Instead, let’s focus on relationships that always put us at the top of the list. Occupying our mind with meaningless things causes us to forget what is truly important. More
here.
Day 4: Make A Choice.
We need to make a choice. A choice that pushes out the negativity from our mind and fills it with constructive and helpful notions. Take a look
here.
Day 5: Goals.
My goal for this journey was to live a simpler life. I succeeded because I learnt to break it down into manageable steps. By focusing on one thing each day, I inched closer to realizing the bigger picture. Learn about it
here.
Read 
                      More
Send Ecard
Send Ecard
Will be back next week.
Till Then, Spread Some Cheer !
Love, Light & Laughter
Editor,123Greetings
123Greetings Mobile App
OR
Scan
Mobile Website:
m.123greetings.com
Follow us on:
To read Bob's regular story see
Click 
                              here
or
Share 
                              with friends
You are subscribed as
sarah@formationshouse.com
. To unsubscribe please visit
here
.
You may also Opt-out by replying to this mail with "Unsub" in the Subject line.
Privacy Policy
|
Help
Copyright © 123Greetings. All rights reserved.
123greetings.com, Inc.,
1674 Broadway, Suite 403,
New York, NY 10019.