Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2017 08:20:00 -0700
Subject: Super Charge Your Love Life With Antia And Brody Boyd! 
From: 123Greetings <newsletter@123greetings.info> 
To: sarah@formationshouse.com

Message from 123Greetings
click to open in browser
Super Charge Your Love Life With Antia And Brody Boyd!
Love is the ability to hold your partner in the light and also in the shadow.~Antia Boyd
I interviewed a special couple who live in San Diego, fell in love in Hawaii and were about to renew their marital vows on their third wedding anniversary. Interestingly both of them have the same calling in life, they are the most sorted after love coach and support singles to find their perfect one and couples in strengthening the bond with their partners.
As I interacted with them online, they both seemed like Greek love god and goddess professing the prophecies of flawless love which accepts and transcends the flaws, which sees perfection in the imperfect. With Hug Week approaching I was in awe at how everything aligns when you want to do something meaningful in the lives of people who you connect with.
Importance Of Hugs And Touch In A Relationship
So, when I asked them about the significance of hugs and touch in a relationship, Antia stated that her first language of love is touch. She believes that touch creates the trust and comfort with the other person. You feel safe and there is the flow of the feel good hormone, oxytocin which allows you to deeply connect with your love.

Brody winked at her smilingly, We cuddle all the time as I believe it is part of the bond we share, just like it happens between a mother and the baby.
Read 
                      More
Send Ecard
Updates
Will be back next week.
Till Then, Spread Some Cheer !
Love, Light & Laughter
Editor,123Greetings
123Greetings Mobile App
OR
Scan
Mobile Website:
m.123greetings.com
Follow us on:
To read Bob's regular story see
Click 
                              here
or
Share 
                              with friends
You are subscribed as
sarah@formationshouse.com
. To unsubscribe please visit
here
.
You may also Opt-out by replying to this mail with "Unsub" in the Subject line.
Privacy Policy
|
Help
Copyright © 123Greetings. All rights reserved.
123greetings.com, Inc.,
1674 Broadway, Suite 403,
New York, NY 10019.