Date: Fri, 02 Feb 2018 19:42:57 +0000
Subject: BVI
From: For Answer <foranswer@gmail.com>
To: Felix Almeida <felix@formationshouse.com>, Sarah <sarah@formationshouse.com>, 
	"info@formations.house" <info@formations.house>, 
	"support@formationshouse.com" <support@formationshouse.com>

Sry for sending to multiple addresses .... but I sent this a week ago to
info@.... and still no answer.



Best,



I need to incorporate a new BVI partnership/LTD and and I would like to
reinstate Invictum Ltd (BVI) if possible. I will be in London 6th to 12th feb
what do I need to bring? (papers and money?)

I have notarized Passport copy and one utility bill from my partner is that
good?



Second, my account (53605588) with you seams to be closed or … I cant
login!?



YS



/P

-- 
This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the
individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not
disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender
immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and
delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be
guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted,
corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.
The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions
in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail
transmission.

Please consider the environment before printing this email.
Sry for sending to multiple addresses .... but I sent this a week ago to info@.... and still no answer.
Best,
I need to incorporate a new BVI partnership/LTD and and I would like to reinstate Invictum Ltd (BVI) if possible. I will be in London 6
th
to 12
th
feb what do I need to bring? (papers and money?)
I have notarized Passport copy and one utility bill from my partner is that good?
Second, my account (
53605588
) with you seams to be closed or … I cant login!?
YS
/P
--
This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.
Please consider the environment before printing this email.