Date: Fri, 12 Jan 2018 08:30:02 +0100
Subject: Fwd: official letter: ADVANCED DATA LTD - URGENTLY!!!
From: "ekonom business, s.r.o." <office@ekonombusiness.sk>
To: charlotte@formationshouse.com, Sarah <sarah@formationshouse.com>

Dear Sarah and Charlote,

what is it (in appendix)? Your company sent me documents that compaby 
who I bought have debet on tax and this copmany don't pay tax since year 
2015.
I am you asked if is company alright any you gave answer that is OK. And 
today I received documents about it that agency to collect this debt 
want pay of tax. I am angried because if this company had problem with 
pay of tax you should inform about this reality and I would change this 
company. This is not corect for our business cooperate.

You send me next information how you will it solve and you give me 
inform abou next steps.

Best regards.
podpis EB
<http://www.ekonombusiness.sk>

Mgr. Ľuboš Tinák

ekonom business, s.r.o.
Levická 579
952 01 Vráble
www.ekonombusiness.sk <http://www.ekonombusiness.sk>
Mob: +421 948 502 899



-------- Preposlaná správa --- Forwarded Message --------
Predmet: 	official letter: ADVANCED DATA LTD
Od: 	support@formationshouse.com
Pre: 	office@ekonombusiness.sk



Dear Customer,






Kindly find attached an official letter sent to your company from HMRC / 
COMPANIES HOUSE. If you require further information or assistance, 
please do not hesitate to contact us at 0207-016-2728.






regards,






Customer Support






FORMATIONS HOUSE

Dear Sarah and Charlote,
what is it (in appendix)? Your company sent me documents that
      compaby who I bought have debet on tax and this copmany don't pay
      tax since year 2015.
I am you asked if is company alright any you gave answer that is
      OK. And today I received documents about it that agency to collect
      this debt want pay of tax. I am angried because if this company
      had problem with pay of tax you should inform about this reality
      and I would change this company. This is not corect for our
      business cooperate.
You send me next information how you will it solve and you give me
      inform abou next steps.
Best regards.
podpis EB
Mgr.
            Ľuboš Tinák
ekonom business, s.r.o.
Levická 579
952 01 Vráble
www.ekonombusiness.sk
Mob: +421 948 502 899
-------- Preposlaná správa --- Forwarded Message --------
Predmet:
official letter: ADVANCED DATA LTD
Od:
support@formationshouse.com
Pre:
office@ekonombusiness.sk
Dear Customer,
Kindly find attached an official
          letter sent to your company from HMRC / COMPANIES HOUSE. If
          you require further information or assistance, please do not
          hesitate to contact us at 0207-016-2728.
regards,
Customer Support
FORMATIONS HOUSE