Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2018 22:18:01 +0200
Subject: Media plus certificate
From: Jawdat Manna <jawdat.manna@gmail.com>
To: Formations House <support@formationshouse.com>, Sarah <sarah@formationshouse.com>

Dear Sara,

I hope you are doing well and fine.

Well, Media Plus still working on our branch in Amman, Jordan.

After we met the officer at the Comercial and industry ministry here they
ask us to offer them decuoments for License to practice the profession,
such as the company certificate, Memorandum of Association, Authorized
signatory and the 2015 & 2016 Financial balancing.

All these papers must signed by the British side and the Jordanian Embassy
in London.

Our new branch in the middle East spent mony to finish this project since
2015 vis 2017. So I can send  you our Expense Table to use it.

The financial balancing must signed by an Accountant at Formation House.

The Authorized signatory must incloude Autorisation me (Jawdat Hasan
Jebreen Manna) the General Director from the partner of Media Plus to to
open a Non-profit company in Jordan and to use any name for this company.
If you want me to send you the Authorization text I will send it as soon as
possible.

Please inform me about costs of these papers and the Signatures from the
House of Comerce and the Jordanian Embassy in the UK.

Other thing, while I'm looking to the papers of the company, I found
different number of our cetificate and other country of our original home
Pakistan instead of Palestine. Please explane to us about it.

As you send us earlier I found that you moved Formation House to onother
building. Is that mean we must change the Media Plus Company adres! Please
let me know.

Please do not hesitate to ask for mor informaton.

Thank you very much indeed.

Kind regards
Media Plus G D
Jawdat Manna

Mobile no: 00962 77816 9002
Dear Sara,
I hope you are doing well and fine.
Well, Media Plus still working on our branch in Amman, Jordan.
After we met the officer at the Comercial and industry ministry here they ask us to offer them decuoments for License to practice the profession, such as the company certificate, Memorandum of Association, Authorized signatory and the 2015 & 2016 Financial balancing.
All these papers must signed by the British side and the Jordanian Embassy in London.
Our new branch in the middle East spent mony to finish this project since 2015 vis 2017. So I can send  you our Expense Table to use it.
The financial balancing must signed by an Accountant at Formation House.
The
Authorized signatory must incloude Autorisation me (Jawdat Hasan Jebreen Manna) the General Director from the partner of Media Plus to to open a
Non-profit company in Jordan and to use any name for this company. If you want me to send you the Authorization text I will send it as soon as possible.
Please inform me about costs of these papers and the Signatures from the House of Comerce and the Jordanian Embassy in the UK.
Other thing, while I'm looking to the papers of the company, I found different number of our cetificate and other country of our original home Pakistan instead of Palestine. Please explane to us about it.
As you send us earlier I found that you moved Formation House to onother building. Is that mean we must change the Media Plus Company adres! Please let me know.
Please do not hesitate to ask for mor informaton.
Thank you very much indeed.
Kind regards
Media Plus G D
Jawdat Manna
Mobile no: 00962 77816 9002