Date: Thu, 4 Jan 2018 06:22:30 -0500
Subject: New Resolves For 2018! 
From: 123Greetings <newsletter@123greetings.info> 
To: sarah@formationshouse.com

Message from 123Greetings
click to open in browser
New 
                      Resolves For 2018!
Hope smiles from the threshold of the year to come, whispering, It will be happier.
~ Alfred Lord Tennyson
It is human behavior  to dream and set higher benchmarks for themselves, not backing the same with a concrete and reasonable plan. Get out of the what  until you have established your why.
Often we get so lost in the list of fancy stuffs we want to do that we ignore the most important ones and overlook the creation of new possibilities.
Megan, a photographer and blogger friend of mine, loves to travel and past year she travelled almost every month but that led to disharmony in her family life. She felt distant from her daughters and  that ultimately upset her so much that it overshadowed all the joy she experienced in her expeditions. We sat at the club reviewing our year and she shared that even though she followed her passion and achieved most of the goals she had set for 2017 she felt somewhere she lost her precious time as a mother. She stated that when she sat down to understand why this happened she realized she had become obsessed with her bucket list of wishes and dreams rather than balancing it with her present gratefulness list. This year she promised to pack in a few of her photography expeditions with her children.
The ultimate goal of resolves is to break out from anything that limits you in experiencing happiness to the fullest. We must be aligned with our why and not just our what and then the how will fall in place.
Be a realist when you are setting your resolves for 2018. Make sure you have enough space for your loved ones in your intentions.
Remember the social needs and love needs are what makes us human. So enjoy and reach out.
Have a splendid
New 
                      Year
friends!
Share
your resolves in the comments!
Read 
                      More
Send Ecard
Send Ecard
Will be back next week.
Till Then, Spread Some Cheer !
Love, Light & Laughter
Editor,123Greetings
123Greetings Mobile App
OR
Scan
Mobile Website:
m.123greetings.com
Follow us on:
To read Bob's regular story see
Click 
                              here
or
Share 
                              with friends
You are subscribed as
sarah@formationshouse.com
. To unsubscribe please visit
here
.
You may also Opt-out by replying to this mail with "Unsub" in the Subject line.
Privacy Policy
|
Help
Copyright © 123Greetings. All rights reserved.
123greetings.com, Inc.,
1674 Broadway, Suite 403,
New York, NY 10019.