Date: Thu, 18 Jan 2018 06:12:49 -0500
Subject: Take A U-Turn And Hit The Highway All Over Again! 
From: 123Greetings <newsletter@123greetings.info> 
To: sarah@formationshouse.com

Message from 123Greetings
click to open in browser
Take A U-Turn And Hit The Highway All Over Again!
Youre gonna be happy, said life, but first Ill make you strong.
Last 
                      visit to Kim
was a disappointment, post breakup she 
                      has been binge eating while being glued to the screen, she 
                      had watched almost 4 seasons of web series of her favorite 
                      thriller shows in the past few days of 2018 on Netflix. 
                      She has been surviving on chocolates and candies.
I tried to talk her into loving herself. She agreed and accepted all that I was saying, only she was not wanting to implement it into her life. I want to work with her and bring her out of this dark and hopeless tunnel.
A slight mention of her ex or a few notes of a song that they had shared makes her teary-eyed. I wanted her to get a grip on herself and bring her attention to her deteriorating health.
I started my journey with her by asking her to tell me all about her life goals and stories before she got into the relationship. She said, Bob, everything is a blur now.  I was persistent.
I saw a sparkle in her eyes 
                      when she showed me her pictures which were almost a decade 
                      old but in which she was smiling heartily, looking gorgeous 
                      and in shape. She always wanted to be a travel blogger which 
                      she had given up for the need of settling down with this 
                      man. She said she could once again hit the road with her 
                      camera lens and journal.
I love this part of human behavior, we have innate capacity to heal ourselves. There is something special about hitting the dead-end, it is here that we realize that we entered the wrong path. In nothingness is where we create new and fresh possibilities.
Read 
                      More
Send Ecard
Send Ecard
Will be back next week.
Till Then, Spread Some Cheer !
Love, Light & Laughter
Editor,123Greetings
123Greetings Mobile App
OR
Scan
Mobile Website:
m.123greetings.com
Follow us on:
To read Bob's regular story see
Click 
                              here
or
Share 
                              with friends
You are subscribed as
sarah@formationshouse.com
. To unsubscribe please visit
here
.
You may also Opt-out by replying to this mail with "Unsub" in the Subject line.
Privacy Policy
|
Help
Copyright © 123Greetings. All rights reserved.
123greetings.com, Inc.,
1674 Broadway, Suite 403,
New York, NY 10019.