Date: Thu, 18 Jun 2015 22:40:38 +0100
Subject: RBS MentorAware Monthly Update
From: Mentor Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

RBS Mentor
Employment Law & HR >
Health and Safety >
Environmental >
Follow us
June 2015
Zero hours contracts changes now in force
The
government has acted quickly to implement new legislation on so-called
“zero hours” contracts following May’s general election.
Complimentary Webinars
In
response to customer demand we have put together a webinar programme
that you can easily access from the comfort of your desk.
The
programme will cover the most popular topics that our customers are
asking us about – these issues impact all businesses no matter their
sector or specialism.
Click here to view the schedule and book your place.
Home carers’ cases give pensions auto-enrolment reminder
News
about the potential liability of employers of full-time carers to
provide them with an auto-enrolment pension scheme serve as a timely
reminder that all employers will soon be required by law to provide –
and to contribute to - a pension for their workforce.
Driving licence checks now go online
From
Monday 8 June, counterpart driving licences - the paper part that
accompanies the credit-card style driving licence itself – have been
abolished.
Stuart Pearce does his bit
Former
footballer Stuart Pearce was an electrician in a ‘previous life’ and
believes he could have inhaled deadly fibres as part of his work.
Raise awareness of sun exposure
With
summer here, the Institution of Occupational Safety and Health (IOSH)
is encouraging its members to use the new free resources from the No
Time to Lose campaign to help raise awareness of work-related solar
radiation risks.
Specified Animal Pathogens
The HSE have issued guidance for licence holders on the containment and control of specified animal pathogens.
The Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No 90312.
Registered
office: 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. Calls may be recorded.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you wish to opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to this message with the word “unsubscribe” in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Take our 2 minute tour at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.