Date: Fri, 24 Jul 2015 09:30:59 +0100
Subject: RBS MentorAware Monthly Update
From: Mentor Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
July 2015
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
National Living Wage announcement
Chancellor George Osborne announced a new “National Living Wage” (NLW) in the Summer Budget on 8th July.
The new NLW rate will apply to workers aged 25 and over from April 2016. The rate will initially be set at £7.20 per hour - 70p more than the planned National Minimum Wage figure.
More bad news for employers on holidays and long-term sickness absence
Employers must allow workers who are absent from work on long-term sick leave to take their annual holidays at a time of their own choosing.
They must also allow employees to carry over unused holidays for up to 18 months, according to a ruling by the Employment Appeal Tribunal (EAT) earlier this month.
Travel to work time “must be included in working time”
A European court case has highlighted the issue of what should be included in “working time” for workers who do not have a fixed daily commute to the office.
The case concerned burglar alarm engineers whose work was re-organised so that they no longer had to commute to their local office before setting off to visit customers each day.
Powered gates
Following a couple of incidents involving small children getting crushed by powered gates last year, the HSE has issued information and guidance for the design, construction, supply, use, inspection, examination and maintenance of powered gates.
Whilst the document concentrates on powered gates, much of the advice and guidance will also be applicable to powered industrial doors and, to some extent, other powered building products such as pedestrian doors, screens, shutters, windows, vents and awnings.
HSE launches new workplace health expert committee
The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) has appointed a new committee to provide independent expert knowledge and advice on workplace health.
The workplace health expert committee (WHEC) will be made up of 9 members who will provide expert opinion on emerging issues and trends, new evidence relating to existing issues and the quality and relevance of the evidence base on workplace health issues.
Environmental sentencing: Appeal outcome
In July 2014, the Sentencing Guideline for Specified Environmental Offences in England and Wales introduced a tariff-based system for the sentencing of certain environmental offences.
The tariff is based on the level of harm caused, the level of culpability and the turnover of the organisation. Depending on these three factors, it stated that fines could reach millions of pounds.
Going social can keep your business ahead of the game.
Follow Mentor on Twitter for regular news updates on Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management legislation and more.
Follow us
@RBSMentor
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you wish to opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to this message with the word “unsubscribe” in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Take our 2 minute tour at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.