Date: Thu, 10 Dec 2015 22:33:32 +0000
Subject: RBS MentorAware Monthly Update
From: MentorAware Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
December 2015
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
2015 – What can you remember?
Another
year is drawing to a close and it’s time for our annual reflection on
the employment regulations that will have affected your business over
the last 12 months.
As
always, it’s been a busy year with shared parental leave arriving in
April and the announcement of the National Living Wage in July.
Tax credits for workers to stay – and the National Living Wage stays too
The big headline of Chancellor George Osborne’s Autumn Statement on 25
th
November was the decision not to dramatically cut back tax credits –
the “top-up” payments made to working families - as previously
announced.
But
the decision to introduce a new, higher level of National Minimum Wage
for workers aged over 25 from April 2016 – called the “National Living
Wage” – remains in place.
Social Media – keeping you up to date
The rise of social media continues apace.
Facebook
is estimated to have over 30 million users in the UK; Twitter over nine
million and LinkedIn over 15 million - so it’s extremely likely some of
these people will be in your business.
Merry ChristMYTHS: ‘Oh no you can’t!’
“It's
health and safety gone mad!” We've all heard people say it, and it's a
catchphrase that's blurted out even more than usual at Christmas time.
After all, the festive period is a time for having fun, honouring traditions and partaking in exuberant celebrations.
Turban wearing Sikhs
Sections
11 and 12 of the Employment Act 1989 as amended by Section 6 of the
Deregulation Act 2015 exempts turban-wearing Sikhs from any legal
requirement to wear head protection at a workplace.
The
exemption applies only to head protection and Sikhs are required to
wear all other necessary personal protective equipment required under
the Personal Protective Equipment Regulations 1992.
Autumn Statement: Defra and Decc see budgets cut
The
Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (DEFRA) has had
its budget cut by 15 per cent under George Osborne's Autumn Statement.
The
Chancellor outlined the Government's latest economic plans on
Wednesday 25 November and DEFRA was one of the organisations to
lose out.
In
response to customer demand this year, we have put together a webinar
programme for 2016 that you can easily access from the comfort of your
desk.
The
programme will cover the most popular topics that our customers are
asking us about – these issues impact all businesses no matter their
sector or specialism.
Bizcrowd. A simple, active business community which nurtures SMEs,
delivers innovation, and supplies the answers and knowledge that people
are searching for.
Find out more
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of
Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36
St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you wish to opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to
this message with the word “unsubscribe” in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Take our 2 minute tour at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.