Date: Tue, 25 Aug 2015 09:15:12 +0100
Subject: Your FCO Legalisation Office Consignment Has Been Despatched
From: DX Secure <esupport.prealerts@thedx.co.uk>
To: <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>

Dear Customer,
Delivery Reference: 1553192286
Your
FCO Legalisation Office
delivery is now in the hands of DX and will be delivered to you on
25 Aug 2015,
anytime between the hours of 8am and 6pm.
Your Item will be delivered to:
ACCOUNTS CENTRE
29 Harley Street
LONDON
W1G 9QR
You can track your delivery at
www.dxdelivery.com/tracking
What if I am not in?
Please visit
www.dxdelivery.com/redelivery
and use the above delivery reference and postcode to re-arrange the delivery to your home, work or alternative address for anyday Monday – Saturday.
Will I need to show any ID?
No identification is necessary, however a signature will be required upon delivery.
Customer Feed Back
We at DX would welcome your comments and any ideas you have to improve our service. Please e-mail us at
comments@thedx.co.uk
Many Thanks
DX
Customer Services
esupport.prealerts@thedx.co.uk
This email has been sent by and on behalf of DX (Group) plc or one of its subsidiaries, DX Network Services Limited or DX Network Services Ireland Limited.
DISCLAIMER: This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this communication in error please inform the sender and then delete the e-mail and any attachments. Any opinions expressed in this e-mail are those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views of either DX (Group) plc or any of its subsidiaries. Neither DX (Group) plc nor any of its subsidiaries take any responsibility for the views of the author.
DX (Group) plc (Registered No. 08696699) and DX Network Services Limited (Registered No. 5026914) both with Registered Office: DX House, Ridgeway, Iver, Bucks SL0 9JQ and registered in England and Wales. DX Express, DX Freight and DX Secure are trading divisions of DX Network Services Limited. DX Network Services Ireland Limited (Registered No. 54066). Registered Office: 36-37 North Park, North Road, Finglas, Dublin 11 Registered in Ireland.