Date: Wed, 19 Aug 2015 00:32:11 +0100
Subject: RBS All MentorAware Users Mentor Monthly Update
From: Mentor Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
August 2015
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
Government consults on closing the gender pay gap
The government has announced a consultation into how it will bring into force an Equality Act requirement for “gender pay gap reporting” by employers.
The proposals will affect employers with over 250 employees and will mean they will have to publish regular statistics on the difference between actual male and female earnings in their businesses.
HMRC plans to reduce IR35 avoidance
Following an announcement in the Summer 2015 Budget, HMRC has announced proposals to limit avoidance of the IR35 scheme by employers and workers.
IR35 was introduced in 2000 to tackle avoidance of employment taxes and National Insurance contributions by those who work through intermediary companies - but HMRC claims workers are not using the scheme and are unfairly avoiding employment taxes as a result.
Government to get tough on strikes
The government has announced sweeping reforms to trade union law, including tougher requirements before strikes can be called, especially in essential services.
The changes follow a commitment in the Conservative party election manifesto, but have met with a furious reaction from trade unions. A consultation on the proposals runs until September.
Fatal injury statistics
Provisional fatal injury figures covering the twelve months between 1 April 2014 and 31 March 2015 have been released by the HSE and show 142 worker deaths for the period, 9% lower than the average for the last five years.
There were 33 worker fatalities in agriculture, and one in mining and quarrying. Manufacturing suffered 16 fatal injuries, 33% below their five year average of 24. Waste and recycling were responsible for 5 fatal injuries and construction accounted for 35, 22% lower than their five year average of 45.
HSE creates a “Dust Hub”
Many work activities can create dust, which is not always an obvious health hazard, as the particles which cause the most damage are often invisible to the naked eye and the health effects of exposure can take many years to develop.
The HSE has recently created an online “Dust Hub.” This is a single port of call that provides information to help employers control exposure to dust in the workplace and provides numerous links to further resources to help identify and implement robust controls.
Businesses warned of ESOS deadline
Businesses who have not yet completed a government energy audit risk a last-minute scramble as the December deadline draws nearer, experts and regulators have warned.
The warning comes after the Environment Agency revealed that out of the 7,000 large businesses covered by the energy savings opportunity scheme (ESOS), so far only 85 companies have submitted compliance notifications.
Going social can keep your business ahead of the game.
Follow Mentor on Twitter for regular news updates on Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management legislation and more.
Follow us
@RBSMentor
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you wish to opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to this message with the word “unsubscribe” in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Take our 2 minute tour at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.