Date: Mon, 23 Nov 2015 04:49:16 -0800 (PST)
Subject: Follow-Up | Local Currencies & Trade Financing - Euro Pacific Bank
From: Matt Kellmer <mkellmer@europacbank.com>
To: londonadmin@formationshouse.com

Hi Nadya,
 
 I wanted to touch base as we recently sent out two emails to find out if any of your clients have demand for local currencies and/or trade financing. Through new corresponding bank relationships, we have the opportunity to add additional currency types and trade financing services.  
  We are currently reaching out to our most valued agents to find out what, if any, demand there is for these products/services.
 
 Do you have clients that would find value in having access to the below currency types and/or trade finance instruments?
 
  Local Currencies  Chinese Yuan (CNY)Singapore Dollar (SGD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Emirati Dirham (AED)Omani Rial (OMR)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Jordanian Dinar (JOD)Egyptian Pound (EGP)  
  Trade Financing  Letters of Credit (Advising, Negotiation and Confirmation)Banker's Guarantee IssuanceSupplier FinancingBanker's Acceptance FinancingUsance Payable at SightLetter of Credit ReimbursementTrade Risk DistributionAccounts Receivable FinancingLetter of Undertaking (LOU) 
--
Kind Regards,
Matt K.
      
    Matthew Kellmer / Business Development 
 +1 (888) 527-4041 x206 / affiliates@europacbank.com    Euro Pacific Bank Ltd. 
 111 Euro House, Kingstown, VC0100, St. Vincent and the Grenadines  
  www.europacbank.com / tel: +1 888-527-4041 / fax: +1784-453-2085  This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
Hi Nadya,
I 
wanted to touch base as we recently sent out two emails to find out if 
any of your clients have demand for
local currencies
and/or
trade financing
. Through new corresponding
bank relationships, we have the opportunity to add additional currency types and trade financing services.
We are currently reaching out to our most valued agents to find out what, if any, demand there is for these products/services.
Do you have clients that would find value in having access to the below currency types and/or trade finance instruments?
Local Currencies
Chinese Yuan (CNY)
Singapore Dollar (SGD)
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)
Emirati Dirham (AED)
Omani Rial (OMR)
Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)
Bahraini Dinar (BHD)
Jordanian Dinar (JOD)
Egyptian Pound (EGP)
Trade Financing
Letters of Credit (Advising, Negotiation and Confirmation)
Banker's Guarantee Issuance
Supplier Financing
Banker's Acceptance Financing
Usance Payable at Sight
Letter of Credit Reimbursement
Trade Risk Distribution
Accounts Receivable Financing
Letter of Undertaking (LOU)
--
Kind Regards,
Matt K.
Matthew Kellmer
/ Business Development
+1 (888) 527-4041 x206 /
affiliates@europacbank.com
Euro Pacific Bank Ltd.
111 Euro House, Kingstown,             VC0100, St. Vincent and the Grenadines
www.europacbank.com
/ tel:             +1 888-527-4041 / fax: +1784-453-2085
This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.