Date: Thu, 2 Jul 2015 21:51:50 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: Biserka Dimitrova | Euro Pacific Bank | Account Activated!
From: Vincent Le <vincent.le@europacbank.com>
To: marcshaw@gmail.com

Dear Biserka,
Congratulations!
Your Euro Pacific Bank account has now been activated.
I'm Vincent Le, your private banker, and I'll be handling all of your banking needs moving forward.
I can be reached via:E-mail at vle@europacbank.comSkype at vincent.le.1Directly at +1 784 453-2086 ext. 205
What are the next steps?
Online Banking
You should have received a separate Account Activation e-mail from my banking staff. Log into your Online Banking at your convenience:

Fund your account
Your minimum opening deposit is $500.00 - please fund within the next 30 days.

Your wiring instructions are HERE.

Wire instructions can be tricky, so for your first attempts I highly recommend that you send me your blank wire transfer form, an online screenshot, or the fields required. I would be happy to assist you or your sending bank fill out your wire form. At the minimum, I would be happy to verify your bank's wire form before your first wire is executed.

Please notify me if you have any issues completing your bank's wire form.

Lastly, please also read these important Wire Transfer Guidelines.Order a Debit Card
After funding your account, you can order a debit card by clicking the orange Request Card button in your Online Banking home page.
Please contact me if:You have any questions regarding the name imprinting or the shipping of the debit card.
Cards are to be printed with any names other than what is on your account.You are ordering more than one card.You are ordering Payroll Cards (ask me for more details).


Review Our Products & Services
Browse our website to explore the products we've created to help you protect, grow, and diversify your wealth:
Precious Metals Backed AccountThe world's first true Gold and Silver backed bank accounts and debit card via The Perth Mint in Australia, with whom we have an approved dealer status with.BrokerageOnline Brokerage platform with access to 20+ international exchanges, stocks, futures, FOREX, CFDs, and more. Download a free demo.



MetaTrader 4 also available.


Mutual Funds and Managed AccountsProfessionally managed, high yielding, globally diversified Mutual Funds and Managed Accounts.Affiliate ProgramWe can help you explore some creative ways we can help you market Euro Pacific Bank's products and services and earn a commission. Become an Affiliate.

Again, welcome to Euro Pacific Bank, and I'd be happy to start a brief conversation about your goals and explore some ways we can help you achieve them.
  
  Regards,    
  
     
     Vincent Le | Senior Private Banker 
  D: +1 784 453 2086 x 205 | M: +66 8 9447 2452
Skype: vincent.le.1 | vle@europacbank.com    
Euro Pacific Bank Ltd. | Swift Code EPBLVCVC
  111 Euro House, Kingstown, VC0100, SVG
Local: +1 784 453 2086 | Int'l: +1 888 527 4041
UK: +44 20 3318 4096 | HK: +852 5808 2784
Fax: +1 784 453 2085 | www.europacbank.com  
 
  This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
Dear
Biserka
,
Congratulations!
Your
Euro Pacific Bank
account has now been activated.
I'm Vincent Le, your private banker, and I'll be handling all of your banking needs moving forward.
I can be reached via:
E-mail at vle@europacbank.com
Skype at vincent.le.1
Directly at +1 784 453-2086 ext. 205
What are the next steps?
Online Banking
You should have received a separate
Account Activation
e-mail from my banking staff. Log into your Online Banking at your convenience:
Fund your account
Your minimum opening deposit is $500.00 - please fund within the next 30 days.
Your wiring instructions are
HERE
.
Wire instructions can be tricky, so for your first attempts I
highly recommend
that you send me your blank wire transfer form, an online screenshot, or the fields required. I would be happy to assist you or your sending bank fill out your wire form. At the minimum, I would be happy to verify your bank's wire form before your first wire is executed.
Please notify me if you have any issues completing your bank's wire form.
Lastly, please also read these important
Wire Transfer Guidelines
.
Order a Debit Card
After funding your account
, you can order a debit card by clicking the orange
Request Card
button in your Online Banking home page.
Please contact me if:
You have any questions regarding the name imprinting or the shipping of the debit card.
Cards are to be printed with any names other than what is on your account.
You are ordering more than one card.
You are ordering
Payroll Cards
(ask me for more details).
Review Our Products & Services
Browse our
website
to explore the products we've created to help you
protect
,
grow
, and
diversify
your wealth:
Precious Metals Backed Account
The world's first true
Gold and Silver
backed bank accounts and debit card via The Perth Mint in Australia, with whom we have an approved dealer status with.
Brokerage
Online Brokerage
platform with access to 20+ international exchanges, stocks, futures, FOREX, CFDs, and more.
Download a
free demo
.
MetaTrader 4
also available.
Mutual Funds and Managed Accounts
Professionally managed, high yielding, globally diversified
Mutual Funds
and
Managed Accounts
.
Affiliate Program
We can help you explore some creative ways we can help you market Euro Pacific Bank's products and services
and earn a commission. Become an
Affiliate
.
Again, welcome to Euro Pacific Bank, and I'd be happy to start a brief conversation about your goals and explore some ways we can help you achieve them.
Regards,
Vincent             Le
|
Senior Private           Banker
D: +1 784 453 2086 x 205 | M:                 +66 8 9447 2452
Skype:           vincent.le.1
|
vle@europacbank.com
Euro Pacific Bank Ltd.
|
Swift Code EPBLVCVC
111 Euro House, Kingstown,               VC0100, SVG
Local: +1 784 453 2086 | Int'l: +1 888 527 4041
UK: +44 20 3318 4096 | HK: +852 5808 2784
Fax: +1               784 453 2085 |
www.europacbank.com
This     e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged     information and is intended only for the use of the intended     recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination,     distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the     information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot     be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended,     or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is     deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not     responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any     responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any     opinion and other statement contained in this message and any     attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily     represent those of the company.