Date: Wed, 28 Oct 2015 19:19:00 +0000
Subject: RBS MentorAware Monthly Update
From: MentorAware Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
October 2015
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
Chancellor to extend parental leave to grandparents
Working
grandparents will be allowed to share parental leave and pay to help
care for their grandchildren under Government plans announced by
Chancellor George Osborne.
The
plans, which were announced at the Conservative conference in
Manchester, would extend the current system, which allows parents to
share leave and statutory parental pay.
Airline to compensate staff over holiday pay
Low-cost
airline EasyJet has confirmed that it will pay cabin crew their holiday
entitlement including an element for commission from now on.
In addition, the airline has agreed to pay backpay for alleged underpayments dating back two years.
Tribunal upholds UK's first 'caste' discrimination case
The
first 'caste' discrimination case has seen a 39-year-old woman from
India awarded £184,000 in unpaid wages after winning her case.
The case is significant, because it makes it clear that caste discrimination is covered by the Equality Act 2010.
Injury and ill-health statistics released
Figures
recently produced by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) demonstrate
that Britain continues to be one of the safest places to work in
Europe, but also show that too many workers are still being injured or
made ill by work.
A
staggering 28.2 million working days were lost to work related
ill-health or injury in 2013/14, costing society an estimated £14.2
billion.
Why asbestos is dangerous
Most people know that asbestos is dangerous, but did you ever consider why?
Individual asbestos fibres are invisible to the unaided human eye because of their size.
ISO 14001 certifications increase seven per cent
The
number of ISO 14001 certificates issued worldwide rose by seven per
cent last year, suggesting that businesses are increasingly looking to
boost their environmental performance.
The
figures, released by the International Organization for Standardization
(ISO), represent an increase of more than 22,500 in the number of 14001
certifications issued.
In
response to customer demand we have put together a webinar programme
that you can easily access from the comfort of your desk.
The
programme will cover the most popular topics that our customers are
asking us about – these issues impact all businesses no matter their
sector or specialism.
Going social can keep your business ahead of the game.
Follow Mentor on Twitter for regular news updates on Employment Law
& HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management legislation
and more.
Follow us
@RBSMentor
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of
Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36
St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you wish to opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to
this message with the word “unsubscribe” in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Take our 2 minute tour at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.