Date: Thu, 2 Jul 2015 09:18:16 +0100
Subject: FW: RHINEVIEW INVESTMENTS LIMITED
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <cp@accountscentre.net>
To: <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>

Pls find the invoice if possible, and give to me, I will pay it

 

 

From: Gemma Mein (Mayfair Trust Group Limited)
[mailto:gemma@mayfair-offshore.com] 
Sent: 02 July 2015 06:23
To: cp@accountscentre.net
Cc: offshore (offshoreorders@formationshouse.com); CSO
Subject: RHINEVIEW INVESTMENTS LIMITED

 

Dear Charlotte

 

Hope this email finds you well!

 

We refer to past correspondence as regards to instructions we have received
(from the director of the above company) to transfer the overseas
administration from Formations House to a new agent. As you are our
Professional Intermediary client on record, please provide us with your
confirmation to proceed. 

 

We note that the company has an outstanding invoice (no.F4528) for US$145.
We would be grateful if this can be settled prior to the transfer. Thank
you.

 

Kind regards

 

Gemma Mein
Director (Corporate Services) 


MAYFAIR TRUST GROUP LIMITED
Second Floor, Capital City
Independence Avenue
P.O. Box 1312 Victoria, Mahé
Seychelles

T: +248 4438 888
F: +248 4438 800
E:  <blocked::BLOCKED::BLOCKED::mailto:info@mayfair-offshore.com>
info@mayfair-offshore.com
W:  <blocked::BLOCKED::BLOCKED::http://www.mayfair-offshore.com/>
www.mayfair-offshore.com

 

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE
This email is confidential and may also contain privileged information. If
you are not the intended recipient (or have otherwise received this email in
error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this email from your
system. Any unauthorised copying, use, disclosure or distribution of the
contents of this email is strictly prohibited. We accept no liability for
any loss or damage that may be suffered as a result of any party accessing
this email or any attachments to it.

 

Pls find the invoice if possible, and give to me, I will pay it
From:
Gemma Mein (Mayfair Trust Group Limited) [mailto:gemma@mayfair-offshore.com]
Sent:
02 July 2015 06:23
To:
cp@accountscentre.net
Cc:
offshore (offshoreorders@formationshouse.com); CSO
Subject:
RHINEVIEW INVESTMENTS LIMITED
Dear Charlotte
Hope this email finds you well!
We refer to past correspondence as regards to instructions we have received (from the director of the above company) to transfer the overseas administration from Formations House to a new agent. As you are our Professional Intermediary client on record, please provide us with your confirmation to proceed.
We note that the company has an outstanding invoice (no.F4528) for US$145. We would be grateful if this can be settled prior to the transfer. Thank you.
Kind regards
Gemma Mein
Director (Corp
o
rate Services)
MAYFAIR TRUST GROUP LIMITED
Second Floor, Capital City
Independence Avenue
P.O. Box 1312 Victoria, Mahé
Seychelles
T: +248 4438 888
F: +248 4438 800
E:
info@mayfair-offshore.com
W:
www.mayfair-offshore.com
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE
This email is confidential and may also contain privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have otherwise received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this email from your system. Any unauthorised copying, use, disclosure or distribution of the contents of this email is strictly prohibited. We accept no liability for any loss or damage that may be suffered as a result of any party accessing this email or any attachments to it.