Date: Thu, 17 Sep 2015 19:38:02 +0100
Subject: RBS MentorAware September eBulletin
From: MentorAware September eBulletin <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
September 2015
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
European court rules travel time is 'work'
Thousands of workers could be entitled to more pay after the European Court of Justice ruled time spent travelling to and from appointments should be regarded as working time.
The judgement explained that excluding those journeys from working time undermines the objective of protecting the safety and health of workers pursued by EU law.
Fit for Work service opens
The government’s new “Fit for Work” service has now opened to referrals from employers.
The free-to-use occupational health service aims to get employees who have been off work due to sickness for 4 weeks or longer back to work.
PM vows to clampdown on national living wage avoiders
Employers that fail to pay their workers the new living wage will face fines of up to £20,000, under new plans unveiled by the Prime Minister.
As well as doubling penalties for non-payment, employers may be disqualified from being a company director for up to 15 years if they do not ensure the wage boost is passed on.
Employers perceptions of Young Workers
The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) has published a Research Report covering perceptions and attitudes about health and safety and the employment of young people.
The work involved a review of published documents and interviews with 14 representatives from employer organisations, schools/academies, work placement organisers and insurers.
Welders – common causes of asthma
Welding fume is produced during welding and similar ‘hot activity’ work and is known to be associated with occupational asthma.
Welders are much more prone to developing asthma than the average worker, especially if they are welding stainless steel.
Government consults on changes to Feed in Tariffs scheme
The Government has opened a consultation aimed at reforming Feed in Tariffs (FiTs) in an attempt to deal with a projected overspend.
The Government have announced proposals to amend the generation tariffs and the mechanisms by which they reduce over time as new installations are commissioned.
In response to customer demand we have put together a webinar programme that you can easily access from the comfort of your desk.
The programme will cover the most popular topics that our customers are asking us about – these issues impact all businesses no matter their sector or specialism.
Going social can keep your business ahead of the game.
Follow Mentor on Twitter for regular news updates on Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management legislation and more.
Follow us
@RBSMentor
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you wish to opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to this message with the word “unsubscribe” in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Take our 2 minute tour at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.