Date: Wed, 18 Nov 2015 19:15:49 +0000
Subject: RBS MentorAware Monthly Update
From: MentorAware Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
November 2015
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
Weather the storm
The time of year for adverse weather is upon us.
This weather can have testing implications for your business. Be it snow stopping employees getting out of their drive, or weather affecting public transport, there are many questions you as an employer may have about what you need to do.
Christmas Parties Q&A
With the end of the year fast approaching, for many people it feels like Christmas already – but for business there is still plenty of planning work to be done.
Requests for extra time off, covering the rota over Christmas and behaviour at staff parties always cause additional headaches for employers at this time of year.
More government action on zero hours contracts
Last month the government took further action on zero hours contracts.
This followed the Conservative Party’s manifesto commitment to ban exclusivity clauses.
Driving in winter weather
With the winter weather well and truly approaching, heavy rain, flooding, strong winds, snow and ice can become troublesome issues for drivers across the UK.
Since many of us drive to work, we would like provide you and your employees with some handy health and safety driving tips.
Guidance to prevent upper limb disorders
Guidance for employers regarding the prevention of upper limb disorders has been released by the HSE.
It has been designed to aid businesses in the assessment of repetitive tasks (ART) and features a toolkit to help identify common risk factors in repetitive work that could contribute to the development of upper limb disorders (ULDs).
Top five energy saving tips this winter
The days are drawing in, there is a crisp chill in the air and pavements have a blanket of brown leaves; there is no doubt about it, winter is fast approaching.
And while some people will already be casting their mind forward to what Christmas presents they are going to buy this year, there are some important money-saving methods that should be observed first.
In response to customer demand we have put together a webinar programme that you can easily access from the comfort of your desk.
The programme will cover the most popular topics that our customers are asking us about – these issues impact all businesses no matter their sector or specialism.
Bizcrowd. A simple, active business community which nurtures SMEs, delivers innovation, and supplies the answers and knowledge that people are searching for.
Find out more
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you wish to opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to this message with the word “unsubscribe” in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Take our 2 minute tour at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.