Date: Fri, 28 Oct 2016 15:19:21 +0530
Subject: Web portal & E-commerce Website Development & Maintenance work 
From: "Missnancy Ogwo" <missnancyogwo2@india.com>
To: <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>

Hi UKPR LTD,

 

I hope you are doing well.

 

I'm reaching out to see if you are interested in our Web portal & E-commerce
Website Development & Maintenance work to manage your online presence.

 


We blend strategy, experience and digital technology that empower websites
to engage their audience in full capacity and justify your business & brand
values. 

Further, we deliver an integrated portfolio of design, solutions and
services reflecting a broad range of technology and business oriented
products such as CRM , School& College ERP, Document Management , Database
Management , Booking Engine and other ERP  for your growing business. Our
design solutions providing team is capable of complete branding (Include
SEO, SMO and PPC) for your business from logo design to corporate video &
animations.

 

Our focus is on highest level of quality possible.

 

Please let me know If you are interested and I would be happy to send you
more details on this and discuss over skype.

 

Please share your skype id and detail requirement with us.

 

I look forward to your positive response.

King Regards,

Missnancy Ogwo 

Marketing Executive

 

 

Hi UKPR LTD,
I hope you are doing well.
I’m reaching out to see
if you are interested in our
Web portal & E-commerce Website
Development & Maintenance work
to manage your online presence.
We blend strategy, experience
and digital technology that empower websites
to engage their
audience in full capacity and justify your business & brand values
.
Further, we deliver an
integrated portfolio of design,
solutions and services
reflecting a broad range of technology and
business oriented products such as
CRM , School& College ERP,
Document Management , Database Management , Booking Engine and other
ERP
for your growing business.
Our design solutions
providing team
is capable of
complete branding
(Include
SEO, SMO and PPC)
for your business from
logo
design to corporate video & animations
.
Our focus is on highest level of quality possible.
Please let me know If you are interested and I would be happy to
send you more details on this and discuss over skype.
Please share your skype id and detail requirement with us.
I look forward to your positive response.
King Regards,
Missnancy Ogwo
Marketing Executive