Date: Tue, 16 Feb 2016 19:13:40 +0000
Subject: RBS MentorAware Monthly Update
From: MentorAware Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
February 2016
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
In
response to customer demand we have put together a webinar programme
that you can easily access from the comfort of your desk.
The
programme will cover the most popular topics that our customers are
asking us about – these issues impact all businesses no matter their
sector or specialism.
SMEs warned not to ignore “Modern Slavery” law
UK
businesses are "woefully unprepared" for the introduction of the Modern
Slavery Act on 1 April, the Chartered Institute of Procurement &
Supply (CIPS) has warned.
Organisations
face mounting pressure to demonstrate social responsibility before the
legislation is brought into force, but CIPS research shows that most
business managers are unsure how to comply with the Act.
Criminal Records Disclosure scheme “disproportionate”
The
High Court has ruled that the Criminal Records Disclosure scheme is
“disproportionate” under Human Rights law since it means that, for
certain jobs, applicants need to disclose all prior convictions, even
if these are trivial or “spent”.
The
ruling will particularly affect employers in care and educational
settings, where enhanced criminal records disclosures are required.
“No human rights breach” for bosses to read workers' private messages
Employers
can legally access workers' private messages sent via personal instant
messaging accounts on business equipment, EU judges have ruled.
In
a landmark case, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) said that an
employer's surveillance of a worker's Yahoo Messenger chats was legal.
CSCS Card Fraud uncovered
Investigations
into fraudulent activity at five Construction Industry Training Board
(CITB) test centres, have resulted in over 4,600 Construction Skills
Certification Scheme (CSCS) cards being revoked.
The
investigation by CITB exposed fraud in tests that were accredited by
the British Safety Council and CITB. Card holders were advised in
writing to re-take their Health, Safety & Environment test.
Poor mobile phone coverage
Have
you ever thought that you don’t need to make emergency plans ahead of
time, because of your trusty mobile phone? Well think again.
In
a recent research report commissioned by the Royal Automobile Club
(RAC) Foundation, it was revealed that 4,500 miles of roads in the UK
have no mobile phone coverage at all.
Waste industry calls for better data sharing
The waste industry is calling for better reporting and sharing of data to enable a more circular economy in the UK.
A
recent article from The Environmentalist highlighted research
commissioned by industry group RWM Ambassadors which aimed to identify
the benefits of improving waste data for various interested parties.
Bizcrowd. A simple, active business community which nurtures SMEs,
delivers innovation, and supplies the answers and knowledge that people
are searching for.
Find out more
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of
Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36
St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you are not already subscribed to the Mentor eNews Bulletin but would like to be, please click
here
.
To opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to this message with the word "unsubscribe" in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Visit us at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
<
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
> or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
<
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
>
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
<
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk
> and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
<
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk
>
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.