Date: Thu, 14 Jul 2016 12:18:19 -0400 (EDT)
Subject: Welcome to Euro Pacific Bank's Partnership Program
From: Euro Pacific Bank <affiliates@europacbank.com>
To: londonadmin@formationshouse.com

Welcome
Welcome!
Warm greetings from The Business Development Team and
welcome to Euro Pacific Bank’s Partnership Program.
Thank you for becoming a Euro Pacific Bank Partner!
We really appreciate the opportunity to work with you and your team. Please read this
entire email
as it will help you open client bank accounts as quickly as possible with minimal delays and issues.
Account Opening Process
https://europacbank.com/ra-registration/
The web page linked above contains all of the required information to register, pre-approve and open bank accounts.  Don’t worry, you will have access to a
dedicated Account Manager
during the entire process to help answer any questions.
Regarding documentation, the links below allow you to easily view or download the required Account Opening documents.
Corporate Documents
Required KYC Documents
Account Pre-Approval Form
EPB Bank Account Contract
New Partners AML Form
Personal Documents
Required KYC Documents
Account Pre-Approval Form
EPB Bank Account Contract
Other Helpful Documents
Fees and Charges
Bank Card Fees
Debit Card (image)
Restricted Countries and Activities
Lastly, you have now been added to our weekly "partners" email campaign which contains useful
tips and tricks
on how to optimize your relationship with Euro Pacific Bank and how to open bank accounts as
quickly as possible
. We highly recommend that you forward on a list of ALL employees at your company who will work with our staff for Account Opening to ensure open and consistent communication.
Please whitelist
affiliates@europacbank.com
in your email account. For your convenience, we have provided a link below to a PDF file containing ALL weekly emails so that you can reference the information at any time.
Meet the team
Ashe Whitener
Skype
awhitener.1
Email
ashe@europacbank.com
David Szekeres
Skype
david.szekeres-epb
Email
david@europacbank.com
Matthew Kellmer
Skype
mkellmer.1
Email
matt@europacbank.com
Download PDF containing ALL weekly mailers
Next Email:
Account Opening Process
This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
Click here
if you don't wish to receive these messages in the future