Date: Wed, 24 Feb 2016 02:07:33 +0000
Subject: RE: TRADE PARK CORPORATION LTD
From: Nelly Miu <nelly.miu@oln-law.com>
To: nadya crawford <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>
CC: 'Charlotte Pawar' <cp@accountscentre.net>, 'Rachel'
	<rachel@formationshouse.com>

Dear Nadya,

I filed NSC1 on 5 Feb 2016 and also confirmed Company Registry ("CR") listed document with the status "pending".

I just called Angela of our company secretary department.  She told me that only reason was that the NSC1 may not accepted by CR for some reason and returned to the registered address with a cover letter explain why.

If you need further assistance on this issue, I could also refer this to Angela.

I await hearing from you.

Regards,
Nelly

From: nadya crawford [mailto:londonadmin@formationshouse.com]
Sent: Tuesday, February 23, 2016 8:08 PM
To: Nelly Miu
Cc: 'Charlotte Pawar'; 'Rachel'
Subject: TRADE PARK CORPORATION LTD
Importance: High

Dear Nelly,

We received the documents, thank you.

However, is there any reason we cannot see the filing of the NSC1 The Return of Allotment on the Companies Registry online?

I do believe you filed it there on the 5th February 2016?

Kind regards
Nadya
Dear Nadya,
I filed NSC1 on 5 Feb 2016 and also confirmed Company Registry (“CR”) listed document with the status “pending”.
I just called Angela of our company secretary department.  She told me that only reason was that the NSC1 may not accepted by CR for some reason and returned to the registered address with a cover letter explain
 why.
If you need further assistance on this issue, I could also refer this to Angela.
I await hearing from you.
Regards,
Nelly
From:
nadya crawford [mailto:londonadmin@formationshouse.com]
Sent:
Tuesday, February 23, 2016 8:08 PM
To:
Nelly Miu
Cc:
'Charlotte Pawar'; 'Rachel'
Subject:
TRADE PARK CORPORATION LTD
Importance:
High
Dear Nelly,
We received the documents, thank you.
However, is there any reason we cannot see the filing of the NSC1 The Return of Allotment on the Companies Registry online?
I do believe you filed it there on the 5
th
February 2016?
Kind regards
Nadya