Date: Wed, 9 Mar 2016 15:59:39 +0000
Subject: New Appointment Booked
From: "HSBC Bank plc" <HSBC@email1.hsbc.co.uk>
To: londonadmin@formationshouse.com

Dear  Consolidated Media Ltd

Thank you for booking a branch based 'Business Review' appointment with HSBC. Your appointment reference is VR939464.

I'm pleased to confirm your 'Business Review' appointment is booked for 23rd March 2016 at 10:30 at our Oxford Circus Branch.

Your meeting will be held with CHARLOTTE CAVEDASCA and will last approximately 60 minutes.

During your appointment you will need to provide the following documentation:

 * Proof of Identity - Either a valid passport, full driving licence or recognised ID card incorporating signature and photo
 * Verification of Personal Address - Valid UK driving licence (if not used as proof of identity), bank statement or utility bill dated within the last four months
 * Business Plan (if available) - To support the Business Specialist's understanding of the business and its plans
 * Cash Flow Forecast - If lending is to be discussed during the appointment
 * Business Protection Plans (if available) - Details of any existing business protection plans held, for example, business insurance or shareholder protection

Getting there:
Branch location details www.hsbc.co.uk/1/2/contact-us/branch-locator#

We look forward to seeing you.

Yours Sincerely

HSBC

© HSBC Bank plc 2015. All rights reserved.
Important Notes: www.hsbc.co.uk/1/2/help/important-notes

Your security is our priority

Please do not reply to this email - use the contact points on the HSBC Bank web site to contact us. www.hsbc.co.uk
 
We maintain strict security standards and procedures to prevent unauthorised access to information about you. In our emails, HSBC will never ask you for confidential information such as your user ID, password, or account numbers. If you receive such a request, please call our Online security on 0345 600 2290. Links within our emails will only take you to information pages. Please forward any suspicious emails to phishing@hsbc.com.

Privacy and Security Terms of Use Hyperlink Policy www.hsbc.co.uk/1/2/legal/site-terms-and-privacy-statement

To help us improve our content and make our emails more relevant, we may monitor your interest in them. For more details, please read our Cookie Policy: www.hsbc.co.uk/1/2/cookie-policy.

HSBC Bank plc Registered Office: 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. Registered in England - Number 14259.

Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
Dear  Consolidated Media Ltd
Thank you for booking a branch based 'Business Review' appointment with HSBC. Your appointment reference is VR939464.
I'm pleased to confirm your 'Business Review' appointment is booked for 23rd March 2016 at 10:30 at our Oxford Circus Branch.
Your meeting will be held with CHARLOTTE CAVEDASCA and will last approximately 60 minutes.
During your appointment you will need to provide the following documentation:
Proof of Identity - Either a valid passport, full driving licence or recognised ID card incorporating signature and photo
Verification of Personal Address - Valid UK driving licence (if not used as proof of identity), bank statement or utility
                                       bill dated within the last four months
Business Plan (if available) - To support the Business Specialist's understanding of the business and its plans
Cash Flow Forecast - If lending is to be discussed during the appointment
Business Protection Plans (if available) - Details of any existing business protection plans held, for example, business insurance
                                       or shareholder protection
Getting there:
Branch location details
Branch locator
We look forward to seeing you.
Yours Sincerely
HSBC
© HSBC Bank plc 2015. All rights reserved.
Important Notes
Your security is our priority
Please do not reply to this email - use the contact points on the HSBC Bank web site to contact us.
http://www.hsbc.co.uk
We maintain strict security standards and procedures to prevent unauthorised access to information about you. In our emails,
                     HSBC will never ask you for confidential information such as your user ID, password, or account numbers. If you receive such
                     a request, please call our Online security on 0345 600 2290. Links within our emails will only take you to information pages.
                     Please forward any suspicious emails to phishing@hsbc.com.
Privacy and Security Terms of Use Hyperlink Policy
Privacy and Security Terms of Use
To help us improve our content and make our emails more relevant, we may monitor your interest in them. For more
                     details, please read our
Cookie Policy
.
HSBC Bank plc Registered Office: 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. Registered in England - Number 14259.
Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation
                  Authority.