Date: Fri, 22 Apr 2016 13:16:42 +0300
Subject: Re: A reminder to file your companys annual return
From: Active Technology Management Ltd <atm.ltd.uk@gmail.com>
To: londonadmin@formationshouse.com

Здравствуйте Надя.

Посмотрите пожалуйста по этой компании ACTIVE TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT LTD
можем мы ещё востановить её работоспособность?

Если можем, тогда сообщите мне что для этого надо и в какие сроки это надо
сделать.

Спасибо. С уважением Кунах Алим.
4 січ. 2016 10:09 <support@formationshouse.com> пише:

Dear Customer,

We wish to remind you of the due date(s) for filing of the Annual Return(s)
for:


ACTIVE TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT LTD        Dec 05, 2015

It is a mandatory requirement for a company to file its Annual Return with
Companies House. An Annual Return is a snapshot of general information
about a company's Director(s) and Secretary, registered office address,
shareholders and share capital. If the Annual Returns are filed late, or
not at all, the Company and its Director(s) and Secretary are liable for
prosecution.

To help you in quick and efficient Annual Return (and other relevant)
filing(s), Formations House offers an Online Company Administrator service.
Online Company Administrator can help you file your Annual Return for your
company within minutes. Subscribers to the Online Company Administrator can
simply go to the Formation House website www.formationshouse.com and log on
to the Online Company Administrator to file Annual Return for their
company. To subscribe to the Online Company Administrator, please log on to
your account at the Formations House website and click on the Upgrade
button next to the Online Company Administrator option.

If you have any further queries, please contact our support department at:
support@formationshouse.com

Sincerely,

Customer Support
Здравствуйте Надя.
Посмотрите пожалуйста по этой компании ACTIVE TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT LTD можем мы ещё востановить её работоспособность?
Если можем, тогда сообщите мне что для этого надо и в какие сроки это надо сделать.
Спасибо. С уважением Кунах Алим.
4 січ. 2016 10:09  <
support@formationshouse.com
> пише:
Dear Customer,
We wish to remind you of the due date(s) for filing of the Annual Return(s) for:
ACTIVE TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT LTD        Dec 05, 2015
It is a mandatory requirement for a company to file its Annual Return with Companies House. An Annual Return is a snapshot of general information about a company's Director(s) and Secretary, registered office address, shareholders and share capital. If the Annual Returns are filed late, or not at all, the Company and its Director(s) and Secretary are liable for prosecution.
To help you in quick and efficient Annual Return (and other relevant) filing(s), Formations House offers an Online Company Administrator service. Online Company Administrator can help you file your Annual Return for your company within minutes. Subscribers to the Online Company Administrator can simply go to the Formation House website
www.formationshouse.com
and log on to the Online Company Administrator to file Annual Return for their company. To subscribe to the Online Company Administrator, please log on to your account at the Formations House website and click on the Upgrade button next to the Online Company Administrator option.
If you have any further queries, please contact our support department at:
support@formationshouse.com
Sincerely,
Customer Support