Date: Mon, 18 Jul 2016 12:25:07 -0400 (EDT)
Subject: Account Opening Process | Easy as 1-2-3
From: Euro Pacific Bank <affiliates@europacbank.com>
To: londonadmin@formationshouse.com

Account Opening
Account Opening
Introducing a client to Euro Pacific Bank is a simple THREE step process
Register
Fill out an online application form using the client’s email address:
Register Here
Complete
Your client completes the appropriate pre-approval form:
Personal
or
Corporate
Submit
Email the pre-approval form, client’s passport, and business plan (if available) to:
accounts@europacbank.com
An
Account Manager
will reply back to you within
24 hours
and guide you through the rest of the process
Tips
&
Tricks
Register the account using the
client's email address.
The client will receive an email with request to complete the
account pre-approval form.
To ensure that your accounts are properly recorded, please enter your company's name in the field
"How did hear about the bank?"
Upon submitting the pre-approval form to
accounts@europacbank.com
you will receive an email with a
Ticket ID
. Please keep all correspondence within that email chain.
Click here
to view the entire account opening process.
Download PDF containing ALL weekly mailers
Next Email:
AML License & Nominee Docs
This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
Click here
if you don't wish to receive these messages in the future