Date: Tue, 22 Mar 2016 00:18:27 +0000
Subject: RBS MentorAware Monthly Update
From: Mentor Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
March 2016
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
Magazine Survey
Our newly designed Mentor
magazine was published in
February. We’d like to find out what you think about it so we’re
offering the
chance to win a case of 12 bottles of wine in return for the completion
of a
short survey. Easy!
If you’d like to look at the
magazine online please
click
here
and you’ll find information on the prize drawn on the
final page.
If you’d like to go straight to
the survey please
click
here
.
In
response to customer demand we have put together a webinar programme
that you can easily access from the comfort of your desk.
The
programme will cover the most popular topics that our customers are
asking us about – these issues impact all businesses no matter their
sector or specialism.
Hospitality & Leisure most affected by National Living Wage
The new 'National Living Wage' will come into effect from April 2016, and proposes to raise the minimum wage for employees aged 25 and over.
While this is great news for those receiving pay rises as a result of the legislation, it has been a lingering concern for many UK business owners.
Employers 'must include commission in holiday pay'
The Employment Appeal Tribunal (EAT) has confirmed that UK employers must pay commission as part of an employee's holiday pay if the commission is something they earn on a regular basis.
The landmark decision came in the long-running 'Lock v British Gas Trading Ltd' case, which has been in the hands of EAT since April 2012, with UNISON acting as Mr Lock's defence team.
Equality watchdog warns on unlawful job ads
The equality watchdog, the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC), has issued a warning to employers that they risk legal action if their job adverts are found to be in breach of the Equality Act.
The EHRC says the most common complaints it receives are about job adverts which discriminate against older workers and on the grounds of gender.
HSE announces new strategy
The HSE has announced a new five-year health and safety strategy 'Helping Great Britain work well'.
The new strategy features six key points and has been designed to raise awareness that effective health and safety management allows innovation, enhances productivity and enables growth.
Women warned against ill-fitting PPE
Transport for London (TfL) launched a range of personal protective equipment (PPE) for women in January, but Mark Hammond of Hayley Group has warned against the use of so-called 'unisex' clothing that could be dangerous in hazardous environments.
The Hayley Group have been conducting research over the last 12 months to discover what range of PPE exists for women employed on Britain's rail network.
Subsidies for solar thermal & biomass under threat
The Department of Energy & Climate Change (DECC) has published its
consultation on reforms to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI)
, warning that the government needs to extract the best possible value for money from the scheme.
In November 2015, the government confirmed that spending on the RHI scheme would rise from £430 million in 2015/16 to £1.15 billion by 2020/21.
Bizcrowd. A simple, active business community which nurtures SMEs, delivers innovation, and supplies the answers and knowledge that people are searching for.
Find out more
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you are not already subscribed to the Mentor eNews Bulletin but would like to be, please click
here
.
To opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to this message with the word "unsubscribe" in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Visit us at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
<
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
> or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
<
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
>
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
<
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk
> and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
<
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk
>
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.