Date: Tue, 20 Dec 2016 12:53:39 -0000
Subject: Human One and Human One Outsourcing
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <cpqueries@accountscentre.com>
To: <support@formationshouse.com>
CC: <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>,
	<shawn@formationshouse.com>

Following their recent request for us to sign a name change form I note
there are some issues here

 

1.       Please request up to date ID docs for the beneficial owner of both
companies

2.       Please request explanation of reason for not appointing themselves
as director in either company

3.       Please explain their relationship to our competitor A1 company
services

4.       When I company has any of our nominee services, all companies house
forms must be filed electronically via our system, Companies House under the
PROOF scheme will not accept manual documents. For this reason the customer
is required to purchase name change from us. In this regard we do not need
to charge separately for the physical signature of our nominee

5.       In future, please note that should the customer require a physical
signature on any document, we have a right to refuse to sign, a right to
request more information and additionally a charge for each case, as the
human director has to give their time to do so. 

 

Following their recent request for us to sign a name change form I note there are some issues here
1.
Please request up to date ID docs for the beneficial owner of both companies
2.
Please request explanation of reason for not appointing themselves as director in either company
3.
Please explain their relationship to our competitor A1 company services
4.
When I company has any of our nominee services, all companies house forms must be filed electronically via our system, Companies House under the PROOF scheme will not accept manual documents. For this reason the customer is required to purchase name change from us. In this regard we do not need to charge separately for the physical signature of our nominee
5.
In future, please note that should the customer require a physical signature on any document, we have a right to refuse to sign, a right to request more information and additionally a charge for each case, as the human director has to give their time to do so.