Date: Fri, 29 Jan 2016 15:49:50 -0800 (PST)
Subject: Clarification regarding the usage of USD currency | Euro Pacific
 Bank
From: Matt Kellmer <mkellmer@europacbank.com>
To: londonadmin@formationshouse.com

USD Clarification   Clarification regarding the usage of USD currency         Dear Partner   In last week's email we announced that Euro Pacific Bank is no longer accepting USD wires.   To clarify, we are no longer accepting USD incoming wires for corporate accounts, instead we request that all clients invoice in EUR, GBP, JPY or any of our other currency offerings.         Corporate clients may open a FREE non-USD bank account by sending a request to the banking staff via an internal bank message.   To prevent confusion, we will only be distributing USD wire instructions to personal account clientele who wish to take advantage of our brokerage and investment services.         Wire Instructions   View our most up-to-date incoming wire transfer instructions                  Incoming Wire Instructions                  This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
USD Clarification
Clarification regarding the usage of USD currency
Dear Partner
In last week's email we announced that Euro Pacific Bank is no longer accepting USD wires.
To clarify, we are no longer accepting USD incoming wires for corporate accounts, instead we request that all clients invoice in EUR, GBP, JPY or any of our other currency offerings.
Corporate clients may open a FREE non-USD bank account
by sending a request to the banking staff via an internal bank message.
To prevent confusion, we will only be distributing USD wire instructions to personal account clientele who wish to take advantage of our brokerage and investment services.
Wire Instructions
View our most up-to-date incoming wire transfer instructions
Incoming Wire Instructions
This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.