Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2016 16:27:27 +0000
Subject: FW: Mandates
From: Charlotte Pawar <charlotte__pawar@hotmail.com>
To: "'nadya crawford'" <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>

 

 

From: ~ directbusinessbanking-cs [mailto:directbusinessbanking-cs@rbs.co.uk]

Sent: 09 September 2015 16:05
To: CHARLOTTE__PAWAR@HOTMAIL.COM
Subject: Mandates

 

Hi Charlotte, 

 

Find enclosed & below the information required to update our records.

 

 

As discussed on the telephone, please find enclosed the forms needed to
amend the signatories on your account. Please complete the forms fully and
take them to a branch. If you decide to close the account please fill the
closure forms and take them into a branch. Please keep me updated as to how
you wish to proceed.

 

If the signatory being added to the account isn't currently an RBS customer
then we will require identification. The identification we require would be
one form of identification and one form of address verification from the
tables below :

 

Identification

.             Valid Passports 

.             EU National ID Cards 

.             Driving Licence 

.             UK Armed Forces ID Card 

.             Police Warrant Card 

.             HM Revenue & Customs issued tax notifications and
correspondence 

.             Current Firearms or Shotgun certificate 

.             ID Card issued by the electoral office for NI 

.             Documentation from the Benefits Agency 

 

 

Address Verification

.             Electoral register search through a credit reference agency 

.             Council tax bill or payment book for the property the
applicant resides at 

.             Original Utility bill / statement (eg gas, water, telephone,
cable services, Satellite TV, electricity bills) 

.             Driving licence (not acceptable for address verification if
used for identification)

.             Original Bank/Building Society/Credit Card statement 

.             Recent original mortgage statement 

.             Solicitor's letter confirming recent house purchase 

.             Documentation from the Benefits Agency 

.             Original HM Revenue & Customs issued tax notifications and
correspondence 

.             Current local council tenancy agreement or Housing Association
Tenancy Agreement

 

Please note the full UK driving licence can be used for both table A and
table B identification. If identification is required, please take
everything required (including the forms) into the branch for them to
complete.

 

If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us. 

 

 

Gurdeep Singh Nagra

Business Manager | Direct Business Banking | Future Williams & Glyn Team

5th Floor | 1 Spinningfields Square | Manchester | M3 3AP | Depot Code 049

RBS Tel: 0345 307 0900 | NatWest Tel: 0345 307 0600

Fax: 0845 300 5173 | Email:  <mailto:directbusinessbanking@rbs.co.uk>
directbusinessbanking@rbs.co.uk

 

The content of this email is CONFIDENTIAL unless stated otherwise

 

 

The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered
Office: 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB

Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.

This e-mail message is confidential and for use by the addressee only. If
the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return
the message to the sender by replying to it and then delete the message from
your computer. Internet e-mails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank
of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this
message after it was sent. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc may monitor
e-mails for business and operational purposes. By replying to this message
you give your consent to our monitoring of your email communications with
us.

Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of
viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward
transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not
adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is accepted by The
Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out
such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.

From:
~ directbusinessbanking-cs [mailto:directbusinessbanking-cs@rbs.co.uk]
Sent:
09 September 2015 16:05
To:
CHARLOTTE__PAWAR@HOTMAIL.COM
Subject:
Mandates
Hi Charlotte,
Find enclosed & below the information required to update our records.
As discussed on the telephone, please find enclosed the forms needed to amend the signatories on your account. Please complete the forms fully and take them to a branch. If you decide to close the account please fill the closure forms and take them into a branch. Please keep me updated as to how you wish to proceed.
If the signatory being added to the account isn’t currently an RBS customer then we will require identification. The identification we require would be one form of identification and one form of address verification from the tables below :
Identification
•             Valid Passports
•             EU National ID Cards
•             Driving Licence
•             UK Armed Forces ID Card
•             Police Warrant Card
•             HM Revenue & Customs issued tax notifications and correspondence
•             Current Firearms or Shotgun certificate
•             ID Card issued by the electoral office for NI
•             Documentation from the Benefits Agency
Address Verification
•             Electoral register search through a credit reference agency
•             Council tax bill or payment book for the property the applicant resides at
•             Original Utility bill / statement (eg gas, water, telephone, cable services, Satellite TV, electricity bills)
•             Driving licence (not acceptable for address verification if used for identification)
•             Original Bank/Building Society/Credit Card statement
•             Recent original mortgage statement
•             Solicitor's letter confirming recent house purchase
•             Documentation from the Benefits Agency
•             Original HM Revenue & Customs issued tax notifications and correspondence
•             Current local council tenancy agreement or Housing Association Tenancy Agreement
Please note the full UK driving licence can be used for both table A and table B identification. If identification is required, please take everything required (including the forms) into the branch for them to complete.
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us.
Gurdeep Singh Nagra
Business Manager | Direct Business Banking | Future Williams & Glyn Team
5
th
Floor | 1 Spinningfields Square | Manchester | M3 3AP | Depot Code 049
RBS Tel: 0345 307 0900 | NatWest Tel: 0345 307 0600
Fax: 0845 300 5173 | Email:
directbusinessbanking@rbs.co.uk
The content of this email is CONFIDENTIAL unless stated otherwise
The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered Office: 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB
Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
This e-mail message is confidential and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message to the sender by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet e-mails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc may monitor e-mails for business and operational purposes. By replying to this message you give your consent to our monitoring of your email communications with us.
Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is accepted by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.