Date: Fri, 28 Oct 2016 23:37:57 +0500
Subject: Domain Notification for ukpradmin.com : This is your Final Notice of Domain Listing
From: "Domain Notice" <sarah@mailgo.org> 
To: "londonadmin@formationshouse.com" <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>

Domain Notification for ukpradmin.com : This is your Final Notice of Domain Listing


Attention: Important Notice , DOMAIN SERVICE NOTICE
Domain Name: ukpradmin.com


ATT: UKPR LTD,

 

REGISTRANT CONTACT: ukpradmin.com


Response Requested By
28 - October - 2016


PART I: REVIEW NOTICE


Attn:UKPR LTD,


As a courtesy to domain name holders, we are sending you this notification for your business Domain name search engine registration. This letter is to inform you that it's time to send in your registration. 

Failure to complete your Domain name search engine registration by the expiration date may result in cancellation of this offer making it difficult for your customers to locate you on the web.

Privatization allows the consumer a choice when registering. Search engine registration includes domain name search engine submission. Do not discard, this notice is not an invoice it is a courtesy reminder to register your domain name search engine listing so your customers can locate you on the web.

This Notice for: [ukpradmin.com]  will expire at 11:59PM EST, 31 - October - 2016 Act now!



Select Term and Package Here : http://submitmywebsite.net/?sid=http://ukpradmin.com



Payment by Credit/Debit Card
Select the term using the link above by 31 - October - 2016

[ukpradmin.com]


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The information in this letter contains confidential and/or legally privileged information from the notification processing department of the EngineRegNet Unit 8193, PO Box 6945, London, W1A 6U U.K. This information is intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If you do not wish to receive further updates from EngineRegNet Unsubscribe here. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that disclosure, copying, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents for this letter is strictly prohibited. 

Domain 
Notification for ukpradmin.com : This is your Final Notice of Domain 
Listing
Attention: 
Important Notice , DOMAIN SERVICE NOTICE
Domain 
Name: ukpradmin.com
ATT: 
UKPR LTD,
REGISTRANT 
CONTACT: ukpradmin.com
Response 
Requested By
28 - October - 2016
PART I: REVIEW 
NOTICE
Attn:UKPR LTD,
As 
a courtesy to domain name holders, we are sending you this notification for your 
business Domain name search engine registration. This letter is to inform you 
that it's time to send in your registration.
Failure to complete 
your Domain name search engine registration by the expiration date may result in 
cancellation of this offer making it difficult for your customers to locate you 
on the web.
Privatization allows the consumer a choice when registering. 
Search engine registration includes domain name search engine submission. Do not 
discard, this notice is not an invoice it is a courtesy reminder to register 
your domain name search engine listing so your customers can locate you on the 
web.
This Notice for: [ukpradmin.com]  will expire at 
11:59PM EST, 31 - October - 2016 Act now!
Select Term and Package 
Here
Payment 
by Credit/Debit Card
Select the term using the link above by 31 
- October - 
2016
[ukpradmin.com]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The 
information in this letter contains confidential and/or legally privileged 
information from the notification processing department of the EngineRegNet Unit 
8193, PO Box 6945, London, W1A 6U U.K. This information is intended only for the 
use of the individual(s) named above. If you do not wish to receive further 
updates from EngineRegNet
Unsubscribe here
. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that disclosure, copying, 
distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents for this 
letter is strictly prohibited.