Date: Fri, 28 Oct 2016 13:19:46 +0000
Subject: Website Design & Logo Design Proposal
From: Shristy Tyagi <shristytyagi34@outlook.com>
To: Unknown

Hi,

Hope you are well!

We are flexible web Design & Development Company that is just at home crafting code as it is designing graphics.

If you need an eCommerce website, a content management system or a bespoke database driven website, and we can supply and support the right technology for your project. We always keep kind these things in mind when we development any website. Web development best practices Googles Webmaster Guidelines.
Responsive web development: We develop sites with responsive pages - a mix of flexible grids and layouts, images and an intelligent use of CSS media queries. In other words, your website will have the technology to automatically respond to the users browsing device (desktop, smart phones and tablets). In the era where technology is picking mobile platform, this will help in getting more business out of internet users on smart phones or tablets.

We are experts delivering:

  *   Responsive Website Design (Desktop and Mobile screens compliant)
  *   Web Development (PHP, HTML, ASP.NET, WordPress, Joomla and Drupal)
  *   eCommerce Website Development (Custom CMS, WooCommerce, Magento and Shopify)
  *   Web Applications and Portal Development
  *   Web hosting
  *   Domain registration
  *   Email hosting (unlimited email accounts that correspond to your domain name eg. john@yourdomain.com)
  *   Ongoing maintenance and support at low price
  *   Landing page design for Internet marketing activities


Kindly let me know if you are want to discuss a possible redesigning/redevelopment of your website or designing new website.
I can send you more details on the packages/action/Portfolio/past work details.

Thanks & Regards
Shristy Tyagi
[Business Consultant]
"A website determines the brand of a firm in the online world" Our interests are your interests; your success is our success.

P.S: This is our marketing that we use the Gmail account. Once you reply to this email, the next communication you receive from our end will be through my corporate email account.
Hi,
Hope you are well!
We are flexible web Design & Development Company that is just at home crafting code as it is designing graphics.
If you need an eCommerce website, a content management system or a bespoke database driven website, and we can supply and support the right technology for your project. We always keep kind these things in mind when we development any website. Web development
 best practices Googles Webmaster Guidelines.
Responsive web development:
We
 develop sites with responsive pages - a mix of flexible grids and layouts, images and an intelligent use of CSS media queries. In other words, your website will have the technology to automatically respond to the users browsing device (desktop, smart phones
 and tablets). In the era where technology is picking mobile platform, this will help in getting more business out of internet users on smart phones or tablets.
We are experts delivering:
Responsive Website Design (Desktop and Mobile screens compliant)
Web Development (PHP, HTML, ASP.NET, WordPress, Joomla and Drupal)
eCommerce Website Development (Custom CMS, WooCommerce, Magento and Shopify)
Web Applications and Portal Development
Web hosting
Domain registration
Email hosting (unlimited email accounts that correspond to your domain name eg. john@yourdomain.com)
Ongoing maintenance and support at low price
Landing page design for Internet marketing activities
Kindly let me know if you are want to discuss a possible redesigning/redevelopment of your website or designing new website.
I can send you more details on the packages/action/Portfolio/past work details.
Thanks & Regards
Shristy Tyagi
[Business Consultant]
“A website determines the brand of a firm in the online world”
Our interests are your interests; your success is our success.
P.S: This is our marketing that
 we use the Gmail account. Once you reply to this email, the next communication you receive from our end will be through my corporate email account.