Date: Mon, 18 Jan 2016 19:27:08 +0000
Subject: RBS MentorAware Monthly Update
From: MentorAware Monthly Newsletter <mentormonthlynewsletter@mentor.uk.com>
To: LONDONADMIN@FORMATIONSHOUSE.COM

*|MC:SUBJECT|*
January 2016
Follow us:
Employment Law & HR
|
Health & Safety
|
Environmental
In response to customer demand this year, we have put together a webinar programme for 2016 that you can easily access from the comfort of your desk.
The programme will cover the most popular topics that our customers are asking us about – these issues impact all businesses no matter their sector or specialism.
How to fight the January Blues
Christmas is long gone, leaving us with nothing but a hefty credit card bill and a post-holiday bulge that refuses to budge, despite our well-meaning New Year’s resolutions.
Feeling down? Don’t worry, you’re not alone.
National Living wage will affect three in four retail and hospitality employers
79% of retail employers, 77% of hospitality employers and 68% of healthcare employers say they will be affected by the National Living Wage, which comes into force from April this year, according to research conducted by CIPD and the Resolution think-tank.
The research also found that 25% of employers with fewer than 250 employees plan to raise prices to cover the cost.
Police agree to include overtime and allowances in holiday pay
In a further development of the holiday pay issue, the Police Federation, the association representing police officers, has announced an agreement with police employers that means officers’ holiday pay now includes elements for overtime and allowances.
The agreement follows a string of rulings from both the European and UK courts about what should be included in workers’ holiday pay.
Sentencing guidelines will bring much higher fines
On the 3
rd
November 2015, the Sentencing Council published new sentencing guidelines for health and safety, corporate manslaughter, and food safety and hygiene offences.
They will apply to organisations in England and Wales who are sentenced on or after 1
st
February 2016 (regardless of the date of the offence) and to all individual offenders aged 18 and over.
Great Britain’s health and safety record
Despite the efforts of the media to mock health and safety, Britain’s record on work-related safety and health is something to be proud of – it’s one of the best in the world.
In the last ten years, new cases of ill-health have been reduced from 545,000 to 516,000 and fatal injuries have reduced from 223 to 142 for the same period.
Government softens Feed-in Tariff cuts
The Government has confirmed its plans to cut spending on the Feed-in Tariff (FiT) for 2016 and beyond.
The new rates include a 64 per cent cut to the domestic solar tariff, with a £100 million cap on annual new spending until the end of 2018/19.
Bizcrowd. A simple, active business community which nurtures SMEs, delivers innovation, and supplies the answers and knowledge that people are searching for.
Find out more
Royal Bank of Scotland Mentor is a trading name of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
If you wish to provide feedback on this bulletin, please send your comments to
mailfeedback@mentor.uk.com
If you wish to opt-out from receiving this bulletin, simply reply to this message with the word “unsubscribe” in the first line.
Discover what Mentor can do for you.
Take our 2 minute tour at
http://www.rbsmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
or
http://www.natwestmentor.co.uk/discovermentor.aspx
Please consider the environment before printing this E-mail
For further information on our Employment Law & HR, Health & Safety and Environmental Management services, plus details of our available Training Courses, call us on 0800 634 7005 (Minicom 0800 634 7008) or visit our web Sites
www.rbsmentor.co.uk
and
www.natwestmentor.co.uk
RBS Mentor and NatWest Mentor are trading names of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office, 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. Registered in Scotland No. 90312. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Information Classification of this e-mail is CONFIDENTIAL unless otherwise stated and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet emails are not necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is acceptable by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.