Date: Thu, 12 Jan 2017 12:16:35 +0000
Subject: Fairway Carlyle Corp
From: "Billy Bagnall (Bio Dynamic)" <bj@biodynamicuk.com>
To: "londonadmin@formationshouse.com" <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>
CC: "Maxwell (Bio Dynamic)" <maxwell@biodynamicuk.com>

Hi Nadya


Its been a while Happy New Year and i hope you are doing well.


We are selling a property owned by Fairway Carlyle Corp and the purchaser has requested the below.

I think scanned copies of the below should be fine,  how quickly do you think we could get the below done.


Kind regards


Billy Bagnall



  1.  copy of board minutes of the company authorising the sale;
  2.  copy of an up to date registered agent's certificate/certificate of incumbency for the company together with a copy of its register of directors, register of members and register of charges - to be provided by a Seychelles registered agent; and
  3.  a legal opinion from a Seychelles registered Lawyer confirming:


                                          i.    they have carried out the necessary company searches with the Seychelles Registrar of Companies;
                                         ii.    they have reviewed and settled the corporate authorisations of the seller; and
                                        iii.    their legal opinion in respect of the seller and its entry into the above sale to which it is a party, and due execution of the Transfer deed and enforceability of the same.

Hi Nadya
Its been a while Happy New Year and i hope you are doing well.
We are selling a property owned by Fairway Carlyle Corp and the purchaser has requested the below.
I think scanned copies of the below should be fine,  how quickly do you think we could get the below done.
Kind regards
Billy Bagnall
copy of board minutes of the company authorising the sale;
copy of an up to date registered agent’s certificate/certificate of incumbency for the company together
 with a copy of its register of directors, register of members and register of charges – to be provided by a Seychelles registered agent; and
a legal opinion from a Seychelles registered Lawyer confirming:
i.
they
 have carried out the necessary company searches with the Seychelles Registrar of Companies
;
ii.
they
 have reviewed and settled the corporate authorisations of the seller; and
iii.
their
 legal opinion in respect of the seller and its entry into the above sale to which it is a party, and due execution of the Transfer deed and enforceability of the same.