Date: Tue, 10 Oct 2017 13:08:02 +0100
Subject: Fwd: UKPR LIMITED- 1784158990
From: nadya crawford <nadezhdarc@gmail.com>
To: londonadmin <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: ~ Directs Review Team <DirectsReview.Team@rbs.co.uk>
Date: 10 October 2017 at 12:15
Subject: UKPR LIMITED- 1784158990
To: "fquiros@maydacr.com" <fquiros@maydacr.com>
Cc: "nadezhdarc@gmail.com" <nadezhdarc@gmail.com>




Hello Miss Crawford and Mr Chaves



Unfortunately, the authorised signatory is not yourself (resigned director)
whom is to sign on behalf of the company but it is the current director Mr
Fabian Chaves. Please correct the signature as they need to be done from Mr
Fabian Chaves to authorise Mr Mark Harris as a signatory in the company.



·         Page 4 from ‘Change of signing authority form’ and

·         Page 8 from ‘Additional Party/Remove a Party form’



Please can you confirm what the relationship with Mr Mark Harris is and
please can you tell us why Mr Fabian Chaves does not/ is not an additional
signatory in the business alongside Mr Mark Harris who is being added on.



Please can you remind Mr Chaves that the* three forms of Identification *are
required from him *as soon as possible. *



I have attached page 4 and page 8  from the two forms to this email, which
needs to be amended and signed by Mr Chaves as authority for Mr Harris.



Kind regards,



*Fariah Mirza*

*Business Advisor | Direct Business Banking | Future Williams & Glyn Team |
RBS*

PO Box 5479 | 1 Spinningfields Square | Manchester | M61 0NH

RBS Tel: 0345 307 0900 | NatWest Tel: 0345 307 0600

Fax: 0845 300 5173 | Email: directsreview.team@rbs.co.uk



The content of this email is CONFIDENTIAL unless stated otherwise



The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No 90312. Registered
Office: 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland
is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority, and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. The Royal
Bank of Scotland N.V. is authorised and regulated by the De Nederlandsche
Bank and has its seat at Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and is registered in
the Commercial Register under number 33002587. Registered Office: Gustav
Mahlerlaan 350, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V.
and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc are authorised to act as agent for each
other in certain jurisdictions.



National Westminster Bank Plc.  Registered in England No. 929027.
Registered Office: 135 Bishopsgate, London EC2M 3UR.  National Westminster
Bank Plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority, and
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation
Authority.



The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and National Westminster Bank Plc are
authorised to act as agent for each other.



This e-mail message is confidential and for use by the addressee only.  If
the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return
the message to the sender by replying to it and then delete the message
from your computer.  Internet e-mails are not necessarily secure.  The
Royal Bank of Scotland plc, The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., National
Westminster Bank Plc or any affiliated entity (“RBS” or “us”) does not
accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent.
RBS may monitor e-mails for business and operational purposes.  By replying
to this message you give your consent to the monitoring of your e-mail
communications with us.



Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of
viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the
onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments
will not adversely affect its systems or data.  No responsibility is
accepted by RBS in this regard and the recipient should carry out such
virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.


Visit our website at www.rbs.com
---------- Forwarded message ----------
From:
~ Directs Review Team
<
DirectsReview.Team@rbs.co.uk
>
Date: 10 October 2017 at 12:15
Subject: UKPR LIMITED- 1784158990
To: "
fquiros@maydacr.com
" <
fquiros@maydacr.com
>
Cc: "
nadezhdarc@gmail.com
" <
nadezhdarc@gmail.com
>
Hello Miss Crawford
and Mr Chaves
Unfortunately, the authorised signatory is not yourself (resigned director) whom is to sign on behalf of the company but it is the current director Mr Fabian Chaves. Please correct the signature as they need to be done from Mr Fabian Chaves
 to authorise Mr Mark Harris as a signatory in the company.
·
Page 4 from ‘Change of signing authority form’ and
·
Page 8 from ‘Additional Party/Remove a Party form’
Please can you confirm what the relationship with Mr Mark Harris is and please can you tell us why Mr Fabian Chaves does not/ is not an additional signatory in the business alongside Mr Mark Harris who is being added on.
Please can you remind Mr Chaves that the
three forms of Identification
are required from him
as soon as possible.
I have attached page 4 and page 8  from the two forms to this email, which needs to be amended and signed by Mr Chaves as authority for Mr Harris.
Kind regards,
Fariah Mirza
Business Advisor | Direct Business Banking | Future Williams & Glyn Team | RBS
PO Box 5479 | 1 Spinningfields Square | Manchester | M61 0NH
RBS Tel:
0345 307 0900
| NatWest Tel:
0345 307 0600
Fax:
0845 300 5173
|
Email
:
directsreview.team@rbs.co.uk
The content of this email is CONFIDENTIAL unless stated otherwise
The Royal Bank of
 Scotland plc. Registered in Scotland No 90312. Registered Office: 36 St Andrew
 Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB. The Royal Bank of Scotland is authorised by the
 Prudential Regulation Authority, and regulated by the Financial Conduct
 Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. The Royal Bank of Scotland
 N.V. is authorised and regulated by the De Nederlandsche Bank and has its
 seat at Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and is registered in the Commercial
 Register under number 33002587. Registered Office: Gustav Mahlerlaan 350,
 Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V. and The Royal
 Bank of Scotland plc are authorised to act as agent for each other in certain
 jurisdictions.
National Westminster
 Bank Plc.  Registered in England No.
 929027.  Registered Office: 135
 Bishopsgate, London EC2M 3UR.  National
 Westminster Bank Plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority,
 and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential
 Regulation Authority.
The Royal Bank of
 Scotland plc and National Westminster Bank Plc are authorised to act as agent
 for each other.
This e-mail message is
 confidential and for use by the addressee only.  If the message is received by anyone other
 than the addressee, please return the message to the sender by replying to it
 and then delete the message from your computer.  Internet e-mails are not necessarily
 secure.  The Royal Bank of Scotland plc,
 The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., National Westminster Bank Plc or any
 affiliated entity (“RBS” or “us”) does not accept responsibility for changes
 made to this message after it was sent. 
 RBS may monitor e-mails for business and operational purposes.  By replying to this message you give your
 consent to the monitoring of your e-mail communications with us.
Whilst all reasonable
 care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the
 responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission,
 opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect
 its systems or data.  No responsibility
 is accepted by RBS in this regard and the recipient should carry out such
 virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.
Visit
our website at
www.rbs.com