Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2017 19:18:16 -0500 (EST)
Subject: New CHF Correspondent and Additional USD Routes
From: Euro Pacific Bank <affiliates@europacbank.com>
To: londonadmin@formationshouse.com

CHF PostFinance
New Wire Routes
New CHF Correspondent and Additional USD Routes
Dear Partner,
Euro Pacific Bank is pleased to announce the following developments to our international payment services:
CHF Payments
The Bank has established a direct relationship for CHF payments with PostFinance Ltd. (BIC: POFICHBEXXX), one of Switzerland's largest and most respected financial institutions. A direct relationship with PostFinance will enable us to offer more timely and cost effective delivery of CHF payments globally, through their extensive network in Switzerland.
USD Payments
Novo Banco (BIC: BESCPTPLXXX) has recently notified us that they have extended processing for USD payments for cases where the sender has an account at one of the following US financial institutions:
Bank of America
Bank of NY
JP Morgan
Citibank
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank Trust
Full wiring instructions can be found here
If you have any questions about these new developments, please don't hesitate to contact us
affiliates@europacbank.com
.
Sincerely,
The Business Development Team at Euro Pacific Bank
This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. E-mails are not secure and cannot be guaranteed to be error free as they can be intercepted, amended, or contain viruses. Anyone who communicates with us by e-mail is deemed to have accepted these risks. Euro Pacific Bank is not responsible for errors or omissions in this message and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of e-mail. Any opinion and other statement contained in this message and any attachment are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.
Click here
if you don't wish to receive these messages in the future