Date: Thu, 12 Jan 2017 12:48:32 -0000
Subject: RE: Fairway Carlyle Corp
From: "Charlotte Pawar" <charlotte@formationshouse.com>
To: "'Admin '" <londonadmin@formationshouse.com>

Ok first tell him that much of this will be issued by seychelles so we will
request a quote

 

1.       He needs to create this,

2.       We will obtain quote as a renewal is due too first

3.       We will again need to get a quote

 

 

Then send to Rachel and ask her to ask agent ( I think its ac managemn) for
a quote

 

Thanks

 

 

From: Admin [mailto:londonadmin@formationshouse.com] 
Sent: 12 January 2017 12:35
To: 'Charlotte Pawar'
Subject: FW: Fairway Carlyle Corp

 

 

From: Billy Bagnall (Bio Dynamic) [mailto:bj@biodynamicuk.com] 
Sent: 12 January 2017 12:17
To: londonadmin@formationshouse.com
Cc: Maxwell (Bio Dynamic) <maxwell@biodynamicuk.com>
Subject: Fairway Carlyle Corp

 

Hi Nadya

 

Its been a while Happy New Year and i hope you are doing well.

 

We are selling a property owned by Fairway Carlyle Corp and the purchaser
has requested the below.

I think scanned copies of the below should be fine,  how quickly do you
think we could get the below done.

 

Kind regards

 

Billy Bagnall

 

1.	copy of board minutes of the company authorising the sale;
2.	copy of an up to date registered agent's certificate/certificate of
incumbency for the company together with a copy of its register of
directors, register of members and register of charges - to be provided by a
Seychelles registered agent; and
3.	a legal opinion from a Seychelles registered Lawyer confirming:

 

                                          i.    they have carried out the
necessary company searches with the Seychelles Registrar of Companies;

                                         ii.    they have reviewed and
settled the corporate authorisations of the seller; and

                                        iii.    their legal opinion in
respect of the seller and its entry into the above sale to which it is a
party, and due execution of the Transfer deed and enforceability of the
same.

 

Ok first tell him that much of this will be issued by seychelles so we will request a quote
1.
He needs to create this,
2.
We will obtain quote as a renewal is due too first
3.
We will again need to get a quote
Then send to Rachel and ask her to ask agent ( I think its ac managemn) for a quote
Thanks
From:
Admin [mailto:londonadmin@formationshouse.com]
Sent:
12 January 2017 12:35
To:
'Charlotte Pawar'
Subject:
FW: Fairway Carlyle Corp
From:
Billy Bagnall (Bio Dynamic) [
mailto:bj@biodynamicuk.com
]
Sent:
12 January 2017 12:17
To:
londonadmin@formationshouse.com
Cc:
Maxwell (Bio Dynamic) <
maxwell@biodynamicuk.com
>
Subject:
Fairway Carlyle Corp
Hi Nadya
Its been a while Happy New Year and i hope you are doing well.
We are selling a property owned by Fairway Carlyle Corp and the purchaser has requested the below.
I think scanned copies of the below should be fine,  how quickly do you think we could get the below done.
Kind regards
Billy Bagnall
copy of board minutes of the company authorising the sale;
copy of an up to date registered agent’s certificate/certificate of incumbency for the company together with a copy of its register of directors, register of members and register of charges – to be provided by a Seychelles registered agent; and
a legal opinion from a Seychelles registered Lawyer confirming:
i.
they have carried out the necessary company searches with the Seychelles Registrar of Companies;
ii.
they have reviewed and settled the corporate authorisations of the seller; and
iii.
their legal opinion in respect of the seller and its entry into the above sale to which it is a party, and due execution of the Transfer deed and enforceability of the same.